pages/guides/plaid/generate-processor-token.mdx, before:

---
layout: guides
title: "Step 1: Generate Plaid processor token"
guide:
  step: 1
meta:
  title: Generate Plaid Processor Token | Dwolla API Documentation
  description: Verify funding sources by generating a processor token and setting up Plaid Link.
---

# Using Plaid + Dwolla

### Step 1 - Set up an account and integrate with Plaid Link

To get started, verify that your Plaid account is enabled for the Dwolla integration. Your account will be automatically enabled for Plaid's Sandbox and Development environments once you’ve created an account. Once your Plaid account is setup, add Plaid Link to your site.

<AlertBar variation="warning">
  Plaid’s development environment is <b>not</b> compatible with Dwolla. Dwolla's
  Sandbox and Production environments work with Plaid's Sandbox and Production
  environments respectively.
</AlertBar>

A high-level overview of Plaid Link can be referenced below, however reference the [Plaid documentation](https://plaid.com/docs/auth/partnerships/dwolla/) for more information on integrating with Plaid Link.

#### Plaid Link

Plaid Link is handled completely on the client-side using JavaScript. Set up Link using only a few lines of Javascript, and then specify callbacks to handle the `public_token` after the user has authenticated and created an Item.

**Note:** When testing in Plaid Sandbox, make sure to use the test credentials `user_good`/`pass_good` when creating a Plaid item.

Plaid Link handles the entire onboarding flow securely and quickly, but does not actually retrieve data for the selected financial institution. Instead, the Link module returns a `public_token` and an `account_id` (an id representing a user selected account at their FI) via a callback.

This public token, along with the account id must be exchanged for a Plaid `access_token` by your back-end server making a call to the Plaid API. Finally, you’ll send the `access_token` and `account_id` to the Plaid API in exchange for a Dwolla `processor_token` which will be sent to the Dwolla API in the next step.

Commit message:

Add reference in to integration examples sample app to Plaid guide

pages/guides/plaid/generate-processor-token.mdx, after:

---
layout: guides
title: "Step 1: Generate Plaid processor token"
guide:
  step: 1
meta:
  title: Generate Plaid Processor Token | Dwolla API Documentation
  description: Verify funding sources by generating a processor token and setting up Plaid Link.
---

# Using Plaid + Dwolla

### Step 1 - Set up an account and integrate with Plaid Link

To get started, verify that your Plaid account is enabled for the Dwolla integration. Your account will be automatically enabled for Plaid's Sandbox and Development environments once you’ve created an account. Once your Plaid account is setup, add Plaid Link to your site.

<AlertBar variation="warning">
  Plaid’s development environment is <b>not</b> compatible with Dwolla. Dwolla's
  Sandbox and Production environments work with Plaid's Sandbox and Production
  environments respectively.
</AlertBar>

A high-level overview of Plaid Link can be referenced below, however reference the [Plaid documentation](https://plaid.com/docs/auth/partnerships/dwolla/) for more information on integrating with Plaid Link.

A sample app is available to help you get started with Plaid Link and Dwolla as well as demonstrate using on demand authorization. You can find the sample app [here](https://github.com/Dwolla/integration-examples/tree/main/packages/plaid-funding-source).

#### Plaid Link

Plaid Link is handled completely on the client-side using JavaScript. Set up Link using only a few lines of Javascript, and then specify callbacks to handle the `public_token` after the user has authenticated and created an Item.

**Note:** When testing in Plaid Sandbox, make sure to use the test credentials `user_good`/`pass_good` when creating a Plaid item.

Plaid Link handles the entire onboarding flow securely and quickly, but does not actually retrieve data for the selected financial institution. Instead, the Link module returns a `public_token` and an `account_id` (an id representing a user selected account at their FI) via a callback.

This public token, along with the account id must be exchanged for a Plaid `access_token` by your back-end server making a call to the Plaid API. Finally, you’ll send the `access_token` and `account_id` to the Plaid API in exchange for a Dwolla `processor_token` which will be sent to the Dwolla API in the next step.
