pages/guides/plaid/index.mdx, before:

---
layout: guides
title: "Overview"
group:
  category: Funding Sources
  title: Add bank via Dwolla + Plaid intgration
  description: Securely add and verify an end user’s bank account via online bank authentication through an integration with Dwolla + Plaid.
guide:
  step: 0
  filter: get-building
  icon: add-verify-bank-plaid.svg
meta:
  title: Dwolla and Plaid Integration | Dwolla API Documentation
  description: Integrate Plaid's bank verification with Dwolla's payments API to Instantly verify your users’ bank accounts.
---

# Plaid Integration

## Plaid Auth for bank funding source authentication in seconds

Dwolla and Plaid are collaborating to offer [Dwolla customers](https://www.dwolla.com/platform) a solution that enables their users to quickly and securely verify bank account ownership.

Using [Plaid Link](https://plaid.com/docs/#creating-items-with-plaid-link), your users verify their accounts in seconds by simply inputting their banking credentials in Plaid’s front-end module. Plaid’s mobile-friendly module handles input validation, error handling, and multi-factor authentication, providing a seamless experience that converts more users for your business.

Your Customers will authenticate information with their financial institution through Plaid, and select the bank or credit union account they wish to use for initiating bank transfers. Behind the scenes, you’ll receive a unique token from Plaid that will be used to [create a funding source for a Customer](https://docs.dwolla.com/#create-a-funding-source-for-a-customer) via the Dwolla API. The Dwolla and Plaid partnership offers an elegantly designed and secure way for our joint Customers to verify account ownership with access tokens, removing sensitive financial information from the transaction stream.

In this article we’ll cover the steps involved with obtaining a `plaidToken`, which will be sent to the Dwolla API in exchange for a funding source URL, used to identify a bank for a Dwolla API Customer. To test the integration in the Sandbox, you’ll use your [Plaid Sandbox Credentials](https://dashboard.plaid.com/signup) along with your [Dwolla Sandbox Credentials](https://developers.dwolla.com/guides/sandbox-setup).

### Quick overview

- Register for a Plaid account and integrate with Plaid Link
- Create a funding source for an Dwolla API Customer using a `plaidToken`
- Obtain and store a unique funding source URL that belongs to the Dwolla API Customer

<img src="/images/dwolla-plaid-flow-v2@2x.png" width="75%" height="75%" />

---

#### Next steps:

- [Generate Plaid Token](https://developers.dwolla.com/guides/funding-sources/plaid/generate-processor-token)
- [Create Customer Funding Source](https://developers.dwolla.com/guides/funding-sources/plaid/create-funding-source)

Commit message:

Web-687: Content cleanup (#76)
* Update links, alerts, images, icons, etc. in mdx files

* fix syntax errors

* Rename pngMock -> imageMock (#77)

* content edits round 2

Co-authored-by: Stephen Ausman <stephen@dwolla.com>

pages/guides/plaid/index.mdx, after:

---
layout: guides
title: "Overview"
group:
  category: Funding Sources
  title: Add bank via Dwolla + Plaid intgration
  description: Securely add and verify an end user’s bank account via online bank authentication through an integration with Dwolla + Plaid.
guide:
  step: 0
  filter: get-building
  icon: add-verify-bank-plaid.svg
meta:
  title: Dwolla and Plaid Integration | Dwolla API Documentation
  description: Integrate Plaid's bank verification with Dwolla's payments API to Instantly verify your users’ bank accounts.
---

import Image from "../../../components/base/Image";
import dwollaPlaidFlow from "../../../assets/images/content-images/dwolla-plaid-flow.png";

# Plaid Integration

## Plaid Auth for bank funding source authentication in seconds

Dwolla and Plaid are collaborating to offer [Dwolla customers](https://www.dwolla.com/platform) a solution that enables their users to quickly and securely verify bank account ownership.

Using [Plaid Link](https://plaid.com/docs/#creating-items-with-plaid-link), your users verify their accounts in seconds by simply inputting their banking credentials in Plaid’s front-end module. Plaid’s mobile-friendly module handles input validation, error handling, and multi-factor authentication, providing a seamless experience that converts more users for your business.

Your Customers will authenticate information with their financial institution through Plaid, and select the bank or credit union account they wish to use for initiating bank transfers. Behind the scenes, you’ll receive a unique token from Plaid that will be used to [create a funding source for a Customer](https://docs.dwolla.com/#create-a-funding-source-for-a-customer) via the Dwolla API. The Dwolla and Plaid partnership offers an elegantly designed and secure way for our joint Customers to verify account ownership with access tokens, removing sensitive financial information from the transaction stream.

In this article we’ll cover the steps involved with obtaining a `plaidToken`, which will be sent to the Dwolla API in exchange for a funding source URL, used to identify a bank for a Dwolla API Customer. To test the integration in the Sandbox, you’ll use your [Plaid Sandbox Credentials](https://dashboard.plaid.com/signup) along with your [Dwolla Sandbox Credentials](/concepts/sandbox).

### Quick overview

- Register for a Plaid account and integrate with Plaid Link
- Create a funding source for an Dwolla API Customer using a `plaidToken`
- Obtain and store a unique funding source URL that belongs to the Dwolla API Customer

<Image
  src={dwollaPlaidFlow}
  alt="Dwolla and Plaid Flow"
  width="75%"
  height="75%"
/>
