pages/guides/webhooks/validating-webhooks.mdx, before:

---
layout: guides
title: "Step 2: Validating webhooks"
guide:
  step: 2
meta:
  title: Validating Webhooks | Dwolla API Documentation
  description: Validating webhooks for payments within your application by utilizing our open API with no per transaction fees.
---

# Step 2: Validating webhooks

Assume that your integration is an online marketplace, and that a customer just placed an order on your site. A few days after the customer initiated their payment, your application receives this webhook.

The `topic` field of an event holds [a description](http://docs.dwolla.com/#events) of the event, which is similar the subject of an e-mail message. The `webhook` itself contains `_links` to the resource impacted by the event that can be used to retrieve more information about the webhook you have received.

##### Webhook payload example

```json
{
  "id": "cac95329-9fa5-42f1-a4fc-c08af7b868fb",
  "resourceId": "cdb5f11f-62df-e611-80ee-0aa34a9b2388",
  "topic": "customer_transfer_created",
  "timestamp": "2017-01-20T22:45:12.790Z",
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/events/cac95329-9fa5-42f1-a4fc-c08af7b868fb"
    },
    "account": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/accounts/ad5f2162-404a-4c4c-994e-6ab6c3a13254"
    },
    "resource": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/cdb5f11f-62df-e611-80ee-0aa34a9b2388"
    },
    "customer": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/e358a488-6699-4d79-bbfb-c5bf58100ea4"
    }
  },
  "created": "2017-01-20T22:45:12.790Z"
}
```

#### Step A. Authenticating the webhook request

Before we process any data from the webhook we’ll want to validate that the request really came from Dwolla and not someone pretending to be Dwolla. Dwolla signs each webhook request with the `secret` you passed in when you created the webhook subscription. The signature is contained in the `X-Request-Signature-Sha-256` header and is a SHA256 HMAC hash of the request body with the key being your webhook secret.

You can validate the webhook by generating the same SHA256 HMAC hash and comparing it to the signature sent with the payload.

```ruby
def verify_signature(payload_body, request_signature)
  signature = OpenSSL::HMAC.hexdigest(OpenSSL::Digest.new("sha256"),
ENV["DWOLLA_WEBHOOK_SECRET"],
payload_body)
  unless Rack::Utils.secure_compare(signature, request_signature)
    halt 500, "Signatures didn't match!"
  end
end
```

```bash
not available
```

```javascript
var crypto = require("crypto");
var bufferFrom = require("buffer").Buffer.from;

function verifyGatewaySignature(
  proposed_signature,
  webhook_secret,
  payload_body
) {
  var hash = crypto
    .createHmac("sha256", webhook_secret)
    .update(payload_body)
    .digest("hex");

  return crypto.timingSafeEqual(
    bufferFrom(proposed_signature),
    bufferFrom(hash)
  );
}
```

```python
import hmac
from hashlib import sha256

def verify_gateway_signature(proposed_signature, webhook_secret, payload_body):
  signature = hmac.new(
    webhook_secret.encode('utf-8'),
    payload_body.encode('utf-8'),
    sha256
  ).hexdigest()

  return hmac.compare_digest(signature, proposed_signature)
```

```php
<?php
function verifyGatewaySignature($proposedSignature, $webhookSecret, $payloadBody) {
  $signature = hash_hmac("sha256", $payloadBody, $webhookSecret);
  return hash_equals($signature, $proposedSignature);
}
?>
```

#### Step B. Check for duplicate events

It is important to consider that duplicate webhooks may be fired for the same `Event`. To avoid doing any business logic twice, you would need to build idempotent webhook event processing in your app by checking if you have already successfully processed a webhook for a particular event. Event IDs are unique, so if you receive a webhook with an event ID that you have already received and acknowledged, then you can ignore that webhook.

To do this, keep a queue of events in a database and check to see if an `Event` has the same `self` resource location in `_links` as another event. If not, process the logic for that event. To illustrate, this is how a developer would implement this using Ruby and the ActiveRecord ORM.

##### Ruby/ActiveRecord

```ruby
check_db = ActiveRecord::Base.connection.execute("SELECT * FROM EVENTS WHERE SELF = #{event[:_links][:self].to_s}")

# check_db will be an array of rows returned
unless check_db.length() == 0
    # do something
end
```

Commit message:

DEV-756: Include best practices to authenticate the webhook call back in docs (#261)

pages/guides/webhooks/validating-webhooks.mdx, after:

---
layout: guides
title: "Step 2: Validating webhooks"
guide:
  step: 2
meta:
  title: Validating Webhooks | Dwolla API Documentation
  description: Validating webhooks for payments within your application by utilizing our open API with no per transaction fees.
---

# Step 2: Validating webhooks

Assume that your integration is an online marketplace, and that a customer just placed an order on your site. A few days after the customer initiated their payment, your application receives this webhook.

The `topic` field of an event holds [a description](http://docs.dwolla.com/#events) of the event, which is similar the subject of an e-mail message. The `webhook` itself contains `_links` to the resource impacted by the event that can be used to retrieve more information about the webhook you have received.

##### Webhook payload example

```json
{
  "id": "cac95329-9fa5-42f1-a4fc-c08af7b868fb",
  "resourceId": "cdb5f11f-62df-e611-80ee-0aa34a9b2388",
  "topic": "customer_transfer_created",
  "timestamp": "2017-01-20T22:45:12.790Z",
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/events/cac95329-9fa5-42f1-a4fc-c08af7b868fb"
    },
    "account": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/accounts/ad5f2162-404a-4c4c-994e-6ab6c3a13254"
    },
    "resource": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/cdb5f11f-62df-e611-80ee-0aa34a9b2388"
    },
    "customer": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/e358a488-6699-4d79-bbfb-c5bf58100ea4"
    }
  },
  "created": "2017-01-20T22:45:12.790Z"
}
```

### Step A. Authenticating the webhook request

Before we process any data from the webhook we’ll want to validate that the request really came from Dwolla and not someone pretending to be Dwolla. Dwolla signs each webhook request with the `secret` you passed in when you created the webhook subscription. The signature is contained in the `X-Request-Signature-Sha-256` header and is a SHA256 HMAC hash of the request body with the key being your webhook secret.

<AlertBar variation="info">
  As a best practice, we recommend validating webhooks by generating the same
  SHA256 HMAC hash and comparing it to the signature sent with the payload.
  <br />
  <strong>Note:</strong> We do not recommend nor support relying on IP
  whitelisting as a method of validating webhooks. Dwolla's IPs are dynamically
  allocated with no defined range and are subject to change.
</AlertBar>

```ruby
def verify_signature(payload_body, request_signature)
  signature = OpenSSL::HMAC.hexdigest(OpenSSL::Digest.new("sha256"),
ENV["DWOLLA_WEBHOOK_SECRET"],
payload_body)
  unless Rack::Utils.secure_compare(signature, request_signature)
    halt 500, "Signatures didn't match!"
  end
end
```

```bash
not available
```

```javascript
var crypto = require("crypto");
var bufferFrom = require("buffer").Buffer.from;

function verifyGatewaySignature(
  proposed_signature,
  webhook_secret,
  payload_body
) {
  var hash = crypto
    .createHmac("sha256", webhook_secret)
    .update(payload_body)
    .digest("hex");

  return crypto.timingSafeEqual(
    bufferFrom(proposed_signature),
    bufferFrom(hash)
  );
}
```

```python
import hmac
from hashlib import sha256

def verify_gateway_signature(proposed_signature, webhook_secret, payload_body):
  signature = hmac.new(
    webhook_secret.encode('utf-8'),
    payload_body.encode('utf-8'),
    sha256
  ).hexdigest()

  return hmac.compare_digest(signature, proposed_signature)
```

```php
<?php
function verifyGatewaySignature($proposedSignature, $webhookSecret, $payloadBody) {
  $signature = hash_hmac("sha256", $payloadBody, $webhookSecret);
  return hash_equals($signature, $proposedSignature);
}
?>
```

### Step B. Check for duplicate events

It is important to consider that duplicate webhooks may be fired for the same `Event`. To avoid doing any business logic twice, you would need to build idempotent webhook event processing in your app by checking if you have already successfully processed a webhook for a particular event. Event IDs are unique, so if you receive a webhook with an event ID that you have already received and acknowledged, then you can ignore that webhook.

To do this, keep a queue of events in a database and check to see if an `Event` has the same `self` resource location in `_links` as another event. If not, process the logic for that event. To illustrate, this is how a developer would implement this using Ruby and the ActiveRecord ORM.

##### Ruby/ActiveRecord

```ruby
check_db = ActiveRecord::Base.connection.execute("SELECT * FROM EVENTS WHERE SELF = #{event[:_links][:self].to_s}")

# check_db will be an array of rows returned
unless check_db.length() == 0
    # do something
end
```
