pages/api-reference/transfers/create-an-on-demand-transfer-authorization.mdx, before:

---
layout: guides
title: "Create an on-demand transfer authorization"
guide:
  step: 7
meta:
  title: "API Reference | Dwolla API Documentation"
  description: "Complete reference documentation for the Dwolla API. Includes resource descriptions, endpoints and methods, parameters, and request and response examples."
---

# Create an on-demand transfer authorization

This section outlines how to create an on-demand bank transfer authorization for your Customer. On-demand authorization allows Customers to authorize Dwolla to transfer variable amounts from their bank account using ACH at a later point in time for products or services delivered. This on-demand authorization is supplied along with the Customer's bank details when creating a [new Customer funding source](#create-a-funding-source-for-a-customer).

When on-demand authorization is enabled for your application the Customer is presented with text on a “add bank account” screen in your user interface(UI) giving authorization to Dwolla for future variable payments. **Note:** On-demand payments come as part of our Dwolla API and requires additional approval before getting started. Please [contact Sales](https://www.dwolla.com/contact?b=apidocs) or your account manager for more information on enabling.

<AlertBar variation="info">
  On-demand payments come as part of our Dwolla API and requires additional
  approval before getting started. Please{" "}
  <a href="https://www.dwolla.com/contact?b=apidocs"> contact sales</a> or your
  account manager for more information on enabling this feature.
</AlertBar>

### HTTP request

`POST https://api.dwolla.com/on-demand-authorizations`

### HTTP status and error codes

| HTTP Status | Code      | Description                                                    |
| ----------- | --------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 403         | Forbidden | The supplied credentials are not authorized for this resource. |

### Request and response

```raw
POST https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/on-demand-authorizations
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Content-Type: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY

{
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/on-demand-authorizations/30e7c028-0bdf-e511-80de-0aa34a9b2388"
    }
  },
  "bodyText": "I agree that future payments to Company ABC inc. will be processed by the Dwolla payment system from the selected account above. In order to cancel this authorization, I will change my payment settings within my Company ABC inc. account.",
  "buttonText": "Agree & Continue"
}
```

```ruby
on_demand_authorization = app_token.post "on-demand-authorizations"
on_demand_authorization.buttonText # => "Agree & Continue"
```

```php
<?php
$onDemandApi = new DwollaSwagger\OndemandauthorizationsApi($apiClient);

$onDemandAuth = $onDemandApi->createAuthorization();
$onDemandAuth->_links["self"]->href; # => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/on-demand-authorizations/30e7c028-0bdf-e511-80de-0aa34a9b2388"
?>
```

```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
on_demand_authorization = app_token.post('on-demand-authorizations')
on_demand_authorization.body['buttonText'] # => 'Agree & Continue'
```

```javascript
appToken.post("on-demand-authorizations").then((res) => res.body.buttonText); // => "Agree & Continue"
```

Commit message:

Add titles and decriptions to API Reference

pages/api-reference/transfers/create-an-on-demand-transfer-authorization.mdx, after:

---
layout: guides
title: "Create an on-demand transfer authorization"
guide:
  step: 7
meta:
  title: "Create an on Demand Transfer Authorization | Dwolla API Documentation"
---

# Create an on-demand transfer authorization

This section outlines how to create an on-demand bank transfer authorization for your Customer. On-demand authorization allows Customers to authorize Dwolla to transfer variable amounts from their bank account using ACH at a later point in time for products or services delivered. This on-demand authorization is supplied along with the Customer's bank details when creating a [new Customer funding source](#create-a-funding-source-for-a-customer).

When on-demand authorization is enabled for your application the Customer is presented with text on a “add bank account” screen in your user interface(UI) giving authorization to Dwolla for future variable payments. **Note:** On-demand payments come as part of our Dwolla API and requires additional approval before getting started. Please [contact Sales](https://www.dwolla.com/contact?b=apidocs) or your account manager for more information on enabling.

<AlertBar variation="info">
  On-demand payments come as part of our Dwolla API and requires additional
  approval before getting started. Please{" "}
  <a href="https://www.dwolla.com/contact?b=apidocs"> contact sales</a> or your
  account manager for more information on enabling this feature.
</AlertBar>

### HTTP request

`POST https://api.dwolla.com/on-demand-authorizations`

### HTTP status and error codes

| HTTP Status | Code      | Description                                                    |
| ----------- | --------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 403         | Forbidden | The supplied credentials are not authorized for this resource. |

### Request and response

```raw
POST https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/on-demand-authorizations
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Content-Type: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY

{
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/on-demand-authorizations/30e7c028-0bdf-e511-80de-0aa34a9b2388"
    }
  },
  "bodyText": "I agree that future payments to Company ABC inc. will be processed by the Dwolla payment system from the selected account above. In order to cancel this authorization, I will change my payment settings within my Company ABC inc. account.",
  "buttonText": "Agree & Continue"
}
```

```ruby
on_demand_authorization = app_token.post "on-demand-authorizations"
on_demand_authorization.buttonText # => "Agree & Continue"
```

```php
<?php
$onDemandApi = new DwollaSwagger\OndemandauthorizationsApi($apiClient);

$onDemandAuth = $onDemandApi->createAuthorization();
$onDemandAuth->_links["self"]->href; # => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/on-demand-authorizations/30e7c028-0bdf-e511-80de-0aa34a9b2388"
?>
```

```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
on_demand_authorization = app_token.post('on-demand-authorizations')
on_demand_authorization.body['buttonText'] # => 'Agree & Continue'
```

```javascript
appToken.post("on-demand-authorizations").then((res) => res.body.buttonText); // => "Agree & Continue"
```
