pages/api-reference/transfers/retrieve-a-transfer-failure-reason.mdx, before:

---
layout: guides
title: "Retrieve a transfer failure reason"
guide:
  step: 5
meta:
  title: "Retrieve a Transfer Failure Reason | Dwolla API Documentation"
---

# Retrieve a transfer failure reason

When a bank transfer fails for an Account or Customer, Dwolla returns a `failure` link when [retrieving the transfer by its Id](#retrieve-a-transfer). This failure link is used to retrieve the ACH return code and description. For reference, the list of possible failure codes and descriptions are shown in the [Transfer failures](https://developers.dwolla.com/resources/bank-transfer-workflow/transfer-failures.html) resource article.

<AlertBar variation="info">
  If a transfer fails to/from a bank account then the bank will automatically be
  removed from the Dwolla system for all ACH return codes except{" "}
  <code>R01</code>, <code>R09</code> and <code>R20</code>.
</AlertBar>

### HTTP Request

`GET https://api.dwolla.com/transfers/{id}/failure`

### Request parameters

| Parameter | Required | Type   | Description                 |
| --------- | -------- | ------ | --------------------------- |
| id        | yes      | string | Transfer unique identifier. |

### Request and Response

```bash
GET https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/8997ebed-69be-e611-80ea-0aa34a9b2388/failure
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY

{
    "_links": {
        "self": {
            "href": "https://api.dwolla.com/transfers/8997ebed-69be-e611-80ea-0aa34a9b2388/failure",
            "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
            "resource-type": "failure"
        },
        "failed-funding-source": {
            "href": "https://api.dwolla.com/funding-sources/285ea6f4-c45d-4e15-ad33-21f51461f437",
            "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
            "resource-type": "funding-source"
        },
        "customer": {
            "href": "https://api.dwolla.com/customers/be2d2322-fdee-4361-8722-4289f5601604",
            "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
            "resource-type": "customer"
        }
    },
    "code": "R03",
    "description": "No Account/Unable to Locate Account",
    "explanation": "The account number does not correspond to the individual identified in the entry or a valid account."
}
```

```ruby
# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
transfer_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/83eb4b5e-a5d9-e511-80de-0aa34a9b2388'

failure = app_token.get "#{transfer_url}/failure"
failure.code # => "R01"
```

```php
<?php
$transferUrl = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/83eb4b5e-a5d9-e511-80de-0aa34a9b2388';

$transfersApi = new DwollaSwagger\TransfersApi($apiClient);

$transferFailure = $transfersApi->failureById($transferUrl);
$transferFailure->code; # => "R01"
?>
```

```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
transfer_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/83eb4b5e-a5d9-e511-80de-0aa34a9b2388'

failure = app_token.get('%s/failure' % transfer_url)
failure.body['code'] # => 'R01'
```

```javascript
var transferUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/83eb4b5e-a5d9-e511-80de-0aa34a9b2388";

dwolla.get(`${transferUrl}/failure`).then((res) => res.body.code); // => 'R01'
```

Commit message:

Create API reference docs for VANs (#252)
* Add VANs information to funding sources overview

* Create a VAN - Account

* Create a VAN - customer

* Retrieve a VAN

* Retrieve a van account and routing number

* Remove a VAN

* Retrieve a VAN trasfer failure reason

* Add premium feature alert to create a funding source for VANs

Co-authored-by: Kelly Moreira <kmoreira@kmoreiramac.corp.dwolla.com>

pages/api-reference/transfers/retrieve-a-transfer-failure-reason.mdx, after:

---
layout: guides
title: "Retrieve a transfer failure reason"
guide:
  step: 5
meta:
  title: "Retrieve a Transfer Failure Reason | Dwolla API Documentation"
---

# Retrieve a transfer failure reason

When a bank or `VAN` transfer fails for an Account or Customer, Dwolla returns a `failure` link when [retrieving the transfer by its Id](#retrieve-a-transfer). This failure link is used to retrieve the ACH return code and description. For reference, the list of possible failure codes and descriptions are shown in the [Transfer failures](https://developers.dwolla.com/resources/bank-transfer-workflow/transfer-failures.html) resource article.

<AlertBar variation="info">
  If a transfer fails to/from a bank account then the bank will automatically be
  removed from the Dwolla system for all ACH return codes except{" "}
  <code>R01</code>, <code>R09</code> and <code>R20</code>.
</AlertBar>

### HTTP Request

`GET https://api.dwolla.com/transfers/{id}/failure`

### Request parameters

| Parameter | Required | Type   | Description                 |
| --------- | -------- | ------ | --------------------------- |
| id        | yes      | string | Transfer unique identifier. |

### Request and Response

```bash
GET https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/8997ebed-69be-e611-80ea-0aa34a9b2388/failure
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY

{
    "_links": {
        "self": {
            "href": "https://api.dwolla.com/transfers/8997ebed-69be-e611-80ea-0aa34a9b2388/failure",
            "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
            "resource-type": "failure"
        },
        "failed-funding-source": {
            "href": "https://api.dwolla.com/funding-sources/285ea6f4-c45d-4e15-ad33-21f51461f437",
            "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
            "resource-type": "funding-source"
        },
        "customer": {
            "href": "https://api.dwolla.com/customers/be2d2322-fdee-4361-8722-4289f5601604",
            "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
            "resource-type": "customer"
        }
    },
    "code": "R03",
    "description": "No Account/Unable to Locate Account",
    "explanation": "The account number does not correspond to the individual identified in the entry or a valid account."
}
```

```ruby
# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
transfer_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/83eb4b5e-a5d9-e511-80de-0aa34a9b2388'

failure = app_token.get "#{transfer_url}/failure"
failure.code # => "R01"
```

```php
<?php
$transferUrl = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/83eb4b5e-a5d9-e511-80de-0aa34a9b2388';

$transfersApi = new DwollaSwagger\TransfersApi($apiClient);

$transferFailure = $transfersApi->failureById($transferUrl);
$transferFailure->code; # => "R01"
?>
```

```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
transfer_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/83eb4b5e-a5d9-e511-80de-0aa34a9b2388'

failure = app_token.get('%s/failure' % transfer_url)
failure.body['code'] # => 'R01'
```

```javascript
var transferUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/83eb4b5e-a5d9-e511-80de-0aa34a9b2388";

dwolla.get(`${transferUrl}/failure`).then((res) => res.body.code); // => 'R01'
```

Note that for `VANs`, additional details about the external transaction will be available in an achDetails JSON object in the transfer `GET` response. Either the source or the destination will be present in the object depending on the direction of money movement.
