pages/guides/drop-ins/generate-client-token.mdx, before:

---
layout: guides
title: "Step 2: Generate a client token"
guide:
  step: 2
meta:
  title: Building With Drop-in Components | Dwolla API Documentation
  description: Dwolla’s Drop-in Components are low-code solutions to abstract away the complexity of integrating with a payment API and act as a shortcut to completing a payment integration.
---

# Step 2: Generate a client token

Regardless of which drop-in component is being used by your application, the dwolla-web.js JavaScript library will require a unique “client-token” or a server side route that is used to generate a client token to be passed in on [configuration](/guides/drop-ins/using-drop-in-components#configure-dwolla-webjs). A client token contains granular permissions and is scoped to the end-user/Customer that is performing the action within your web application.

Client-tokens are single-use tokens that are valid for up to 1 hour after being generated. More than one client token can be generated and valid at one time.

#### Token vs. Token URL

For flow components like Business Verified Customers, Personal Verified Customers, and Payins, it is recommended to use `tokenUrl` when configuring the dwolla-web library. Flow components are designed to support drop-ins that have multiple isolated functions connected together into a single user flow. Creating a server-side endpoint that can be called by the dwolla-web library when an action needs to be performed within the flow simplifies the integration experience.

For isolated functions or non-flow components, a single [client token](https://docs.dwolla.com/#create-a-client-token) can be utilized.

### Setup a token endpoint server side

Flow components, such as [create a Business Verified Customer](/concepts/drop-in-components#create-a-business-verified-customer), require a token endpoint to be setup server-side. This is necessary and allows for fetching `client-tokens` as needed throughout the customer onboarding process.

This endpoint should simply act as a passthrough to the [client-tokens endpoint](https://docs.dwolla.com/#create-a-client-token). It takes in the request body and makes a client-token call. Upon success, it returns JSON-encoded string token in the response.

### Example usage of tokenUrl using Express

In this example we’re using Express.js to set up a token URL which will be called by `dwolla-web.js` when the component that’s being used needs to generate a client token that’s being performed in the flow. Configuration of dwolla-web.js can be found on [step 3](https://developers.dwolla.com/guides/drop-ins/using-drop-in-components#configure-dwolla-webjs).

```javascript
/**
 * Using Dwolla Node.js SDK - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-node
 * Refer to Step 1 on setup and configuration of Dwolla SDK
 */

app.post("/tokenUrl", function (req, res) {
  generateClientTokenWithBody(req.body).then((clientTokenRes) => {
    console.log(clientTokenRes);
    res.send({ token: clientTokenRes.token });
  });
});

function generateClientTokenWithBody(body) {
  const url = `/client-tokens`;

  return dwolla
    .post(url, body)
    .then((response) => {
      return response.body;
    })
    .catch((error) => {
      return error;
    });
}
```

Commit message:

Make Token vs TokenURL paragraph Clearer in Dev Portal (#241)
Co-authored-by: Kelly Moreira <kmoreira@kmoreiramac.corp.dwolla.com>

pages/guides/drop-ins/generate-client-token.mdx, after:

---
layout: guides
title: "Step 2: Generate a client token"
guide:
  step: 2
meta:
  title: Building With Drop-in Components | Dwolla API Documentation
  description: Dwolla’s Drop-in Components are low-code solutions to abstract away the complexity of integrating with a payment API and act as a shortcut to completing a payment integration.
---

# Step 2: Generate a client token

Regardless of which drop-in component is being used by your application, the dwolla-web.js JavaScript library will require a unique “client-token” or a server side route that is used to generate a client token to be passed in on [configuration](/guides/drop-ins/using-drop-in-components#configure-dwolla-webjs). A client token contains granular permissions and is scoped to the end-user/Customer that is performing the action within your web application.

Client-tokens are single-use tokens that are valid for up to 1 hour after being generated. More than one client token can be generated and valid at one time.

#### Token vs. Token URL

For flow components like Business Verified Customers, Personal Verified Customers, and Payins, it is recommended to use `tokenUrl` when configuring the dwolla-web library. With flow components such as these, the dwolla-web library will make multiple http calls to an endpoint you have setup as the `tokenUrl`, which was added as a convenience that allows you to just supply a URL path if you're simply POSTing to a URL and using cookies for authentication.

Flow components were designed to support drop-ins that have multiple isolated functions connected together into a single user flow. Creating a server-side endpoint that can be called by the dwolla-web library when an action needs to be performed within the flow simplifies the integration experience.

For isolated functions or non-flow components, a single [client token](https://docs.dwolla.com/#create-a-client-token) can be utilized. With `token` you can supply a function that we can call that returns a promise containing a token.

### Setup a token endpoint server side

Flow components, such as [create a Business Verified Customer](/concepts/drop-in-components#create-a-business-verified-customer), require a token endpoint to be setup server-side. This is necessary and allows for fetching `client-tokens` as needed throughout the customer onboarding process.

This endpoint should simply act as a passthrough to the [client-tokens endpoint](https://docs.dwolla.com/#create-a-client-token). It takes in the request body and makes a client-token call. Upon success, it returns JSON-encoded string token in the response.

### Example usage of tokenUrl using Express

In this example we’re using Express.js to set up a token URL which will be called by `dwolla-web.js` when the component that’s being used needs to generate a client token that’s being performed in the flow. Configuration of dwolla-web.js can be found on [step 3](https://developers.dwolla.com/guides/drop-ins/using-drop-in-components#configure-dwolla-webjs).

```javascript
/**
 * Using Dwolla Node.js SDK - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-node
 * Refer to Step 1 on setup and configuration of Dwolla SDK
 */

app.post("/tokenUrl", function (req, res) {
  generateClientTokenWithBody(req.body).then((clientTokenRes) => {
    console.log(clientTokenRes);
    res.send({ token: clientTokenRes.token });
  });
});

function generateClientTokenWithBody(body) {
  const url = `/client-tokens`;

  return dwolla
    .post(url, body)
    .then((response) => {
      return response.body;
    })
    .catch((error) => {
      return error;
    });
}
```
