pages/guides/receive-money/create-transfer.mdx, before:

---
layout: guides
title: "Step 4: Create a transfer"
guide:
  step: 4
meta:
  title: Receieve Money - Creating a Transfer | Dwolla API Documentation
  description: Use Dwolla's ACH payment API to facilitate and create transfers within your application or platform. Use a single API call to create a payment transfer.
---

import processBankTransfers from "../../../assets/images/content-images/process-bank-transfers.png";

# Step 4: Initiating a Transfer

## Identify Source and Destination For Transfer

Since you are utilizing a `receive` funds flow, you will need to ensure that you know who the funds are going to.

- Source - Your Customer’s Bank Funding Source
- Destination - Your Dwolla Master Account Bank Funding Source

## Step 4A: Initiate a Transfer

To initiate a transfer, we will need to specify the source and destination funding source URLs in the \_links parameter.

#### Request Parameters

| Parameter | Required | Type   | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| --------- | -------- | ------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| \_links   | yes      | object | A \_links JSON object describing the desired source and destination of a transfer. [Reference the Source and Destination object](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/transfers#source-and-destination-types) to learn more about possible values for source and destination. |
| amount    | yes      | object | An amount JSON object. [Reference the amount JSON object](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/transfers#amount-json-object) to learn more.                                                                                                                                   |

<AlertBar variation="info">
  Within a transfer request, Dwolla supports additional optional parameters.
  These can range from <code>clearing</code> to specify the processing timing
  for the transfer, or <code>correlationId</code> to help correlate transfers
  from end-to-end. The object <code>facilitator-fee</code> isn't supported for
  this funds flow. For more information on all available transfer request
  parameters, check out our{" "}
  <a href="https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/#initiate-a-transfer">
    API reference documentation.
  </a>
</AlertBar>

#### Request and response (view schema in ‘raw’)

```bash
POST https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Content-Type: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY
Idempotency-Key: 19051a62-3403-11e6-ac61-9e71128cae77

{
   "_links": {
       "source": {
           "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/707177c3-bf15-4e7e-b37c-55c3898d9bf4"
       },
       "destination": {
           "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/AB443D36-3757-44C1-A1B4-29727FB3111C"
       }
   },
   "amount": {
       "currency": "USD",
       "value": "10.00"
    },
}

...

HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Location: https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/74c9129b-d14a-e511-80da-0aa34a9b2388
```

```php
<?php
$transfer_request = array (
  '_links' =>
  array (
    'source' =>
    array (
      'href' => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b5e68264-7d4d-42a9-88d4-5616c77c6baa',
    ),
    'destination' =>
    array (
      'href' => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/3152c22b-3d72-442d-a83b-e575df3a043e',
    ),
  ),
  'amount' =>
  array (
    'currency' => 'USD',
    'value' => '225.00',
  )
);

$transferApi = new DwollaSwagger\TransfersApi($apiClient);
$transfer = $transferApi->create($transfer_request);

print($transfer); # => https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/d76265cd-0951-e511-80da-0aa34a9b2388
?>
```

```ruby
transfer_request = {
  :_links => {
    :source => {
      :href => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b5e68264-7d4d-42a9-88d4-5616c77c6baa"
    },
    :destination => {
      :href => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/3152c22b-3d72-442d-a83b-e575df3a043e"
    }
  },
  :amount => {
    :currency => "USD",
    :value => "225.00"
  }
}

# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby (Recommended)
transfer = app_token.post "transfers", transfer_request
transfer.response_headers[:location] # => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/d76265cd-0951-e511-80da-0aa34a9b2388"
```

```python
transfer_request = {
  '_links': {
    'source': {
      'href': 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b5e68264-7d4d-42a9-88d4-5616c77c6baa'
    },
    'destination': {
      'href': 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/3152c22b-3d72-442d-a83b-e575df3a043e'
    }
  },
  'amount': {
    'currency': 'USD',
    'value': '225.00'
  }
}

# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python (Recommended)
transfer = app_token.post('transfers', transfer_request)
transfer.headers['location'] # => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/d76265cd-0951-e511-80da-0aa34a9b2388'
```

```javascript
var transferRequest = {
  _links: {
    source: {
      href:
        "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b5e68264-7d4d-42a9-88d4-5616c77c6baa",
    },
    destination: {
      href:
        "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/3152c22b-3d72-442d-a83b-e575df3a043e",
    },
  },
  amount: {
    currency: "USD",
    value: "225.00",
  },
};

dwolla.post("transfers", transferRequest).then(function (res) {
  res.headers.get("location"); // => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/d76265cd-0951-e511-80da-0aa34a9b2388'
});
```

When the transfer is created, you will receive a `201` HTTP response with an empty response body. You can refer to the Location header to retrieve a link to the created Transfer resource. All bank transactions that are sourced from a bank or that are going to a bank will have an initial status of `pending`. We recommend storing the full Transfer URL for future use, as it will be needed for correlating transfer update webhooks that are triggered for the user in the Dwolla system.

## Step 4B: Handle Webhooks

A single API call to create a payment transfer can trigger several transfer-related webhook events. The number of webhooks and type of webhook events can vary depending on the Customer type(s) involved in the transfer, as well as the source and destination for the funds transfer.
For more information on which webhooks will be fired for a given section of a transfer, refer to our [Developer Resource Article](/concepts/webhook-events).

## Step 4C: Simulate Payment Processing

To simulate paymentACH processing in the Dwolla Sandbox environment, navigate to the Sandbox Dashboard. From here, you will want to click the “Process Bank Transfers” button on the top of the screen. Your Sandbox transfer will be moved out of a `pending` status and moved to a `processed` status.

<Image src={processBankTransfers} alt="process bank transfers" />

**Production payment processing timing**

While ACHfunds transfer processing can be simulated at any time in the sandbox, behavior will vary in production depending on what transfer clearing options you specify. Refer to our developer resource article to [learn more on transfer timing](/concepts/transfer-processing-times) in production.

## Step 4D: Verify Status of Transfer

Since ACH transactions in production can take a few days to complete, webhooks are an efficient way to notify you of when a transfer is completed and `processed` to a destination funding source. However, if you want to verify the status of a transfer at any given point in time, you can make a call to the API to retrieve the transfer by its unique id.

```javascript
{
    "_links": {
        "source": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/accounts/30a6cb55-1754-4948-b431-ebe48288ef25",
            "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
            "resource-type": "account"
        },
        "funding-transfer": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/6fdd095c-afd7-e811-8111-bec1f96924ed",
            "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
            "resource-type": "transfer"
        },
        "destination-funding-source": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/AB443D36-3757-44C1-A1B4-29727FB3111C",
            "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
            "resource-type": "funding-source"
        },
        "self": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/74c9129b-d14a-e511-80da-0aa34a9b2388",
            "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
            "resource-type": "transfer"
        },
        "source-funding-source": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/707177c3-bf15-4e7e-b37c-55c3898d9bf4",
            "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
            "resource-type": "funding-source"
        },
        "destination": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/4e988dba-0a1e-4591-ad04-eab3613e2f83",
            "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
            "resource-type": "customer"
        }
    },
    "id": "74c9129b-d14a-e511-80da-0aa34a9b2388",
    "status": "processed",
    "amount": {
        "value": "10.00",
        "currency": "USD"
    }
}
```

Commit message:

Site Audit of developers.dwolla.com (#271)
* Fix duplicate meta descriptions

* Fix duplicate title tags

* Add missing description tags

* Add lang and hreflang attributes to next.config

* Fix node.js.yml CI (#273)

* yml

* update yml

Co-authored-by: Kelly Moreira <kmoreira@kmoreiramac.lan>

* Update same-day processing times (#277)

Co-authored-by: Kelly Moreira <kmoreira@kmoreiramac.corp.dwolla.com>

* DEV-799: Funds Flow Selector Logic and Transfer Workflow component styles (#278)

* Lang update

Co-authored-by: Kelly Moreira <kmoreira@kmoreiramac.lan>
Co-authored-by: Kelly Moreira <kmoreira@kmoreiramac.corp.dwolla.com>
Co-authored-by: Shreya <44006085+ShreyaThapa@users.noreply.github.com>

pages/guides/receive-money/create-transfer.mdx, after:

---
layout: guides
title: "Step 4: Create a transfer"
guide:
  step: 4
meta:
  title: Receieve Money - Creating a Transfer | Dwolla API Documentation
  description: Initiate a transfer to receive funds from your customers and to your Dwolla Master Account Bank Funding Source.
---

import processBankTransfers from "../../../assets/images/content-images/process-bank-transfers.png";

# Step 4: Initiating a Transfer

## Identify Source and Destination For Transfer

Since you are utilizing a `receive` funds flow, you will need to ensure that you know who the funds are going to.

- Source - Your Customer’s Bank Funding Source
- Destination - Your Dwolla Master Account Bank Funding Source

## Step 4A: Initiate a Transfer

To initiate a transfer, we will need to specify the source and destination funding source URLs in the \_links parameter.

#### Request Parameters

| Parameter | Required | Type   | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| --------- | -------- | ------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| \_links   | yes      | object | A \_links JSON object describing the desired source and destination of a transfer. [Reference the Source and Destination object](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/transfers#source-and-destination-types) to learn more about possible values for source and destination. |
| amount    | yes      | object | An amount JSON object. [Reference the amount JSON object](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/transfers#amount-json-object) to learn more.                                                                                                                                   |

<AlertBar variation="info">
  Within a transfer request, Dwolla supports additional optional parameters.
  These can range from <code>clearing</code> to specify the processing timing
  for the transfer, or <code>correlationId</code> to help correlate transfers
  from end-to-end. The object <code>facilitator-fee</code> isn't supported for
  this funds flow. For more information on all available transfer request
  parameters, check out our{" "}
  <a href="https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/#initiate-a-transfer">
    API reference documentation.
  </a>
</AlertBar>

#### Request and response (view schema in ‘raw’)

```bash
POST https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Content-Type: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY
Idempotency-Key: 19051a62-3403-11e6-ac61-9e71128cae77

{
   "_links": {
       "source": {
           "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/707177c3-bf15-4e7e-b37c-55c3898d9bf4"
       },
       "destination": {
           "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/AB443D36-3757-44C1-A1B4-29727FB3111C"
       }
   },
   "amount": {
       "currency": "USD",
       "value": "10.00"
    },
}

...

HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Location: https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/74c9129b-d14a-e511-80da-0aa34a9b2388
```

```php
<?php
$transfer_request = array (
  '_links' =>
  array (
    'source' =>
    array (
      'href' => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b5e68264-7d4d-42a9-88d4-5616c77c6baa',
    ),
    'destination' =>
    array (
      'href' => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/3152c22b-3d72-442d-a83b-e575df3a043e',
    ),
  ),
  'amount' =>
  array (
    'currency' => 'USD',
    'value' => '225.00',
  )
);

$transferApi = new DwollaSwagger\TransfersApi($apiClient);
$transfer = $transferApi->create($transfer_request);

print($transfer); # => https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/d76265cd-0951-e511-80da-0aa34a9b2388
?>
```

```ruby
transfer_request = {
  :_links => {
    :source => {
      :href => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b5e68264-7d4d-42a9-88d4-5616c77c6baa"
    },
    :destination => {
      :href => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/3152c22b-3d72-442d-a83b-e575df3a043e"
    }
  },
  :amount => {
    :currency => "USD",
    :value => "225.00"
  }
}

# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby (Recommended)
transfer = app_token.post "transfers", transfer_request
transfer.response_headers[:location] # => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/d76265cd-0951-e511-80da-0aa34a9b2388"
```

```python
transfer_request = {
  '_links': {
    'source': {
      'href': 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b5e68264-7d4d-42a9-88d4-5616c77c6baa'
    },
    'destination': {
      'href': 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/3152c22b-3d72-442d-a83b-e575df3a043e'
    }
  },
  'amount': {
    'currency': 'USD',
    'value': '225.00'
  }
}

# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python (Recommended)
transfer = app_token.post('transfers', transfer_request)
transfer.headers['location'] # => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/d76265cd-0951-e511-80da-0aa34a9b2388'
```

```javascript
var transferRequest = {
  _links: {
    source: {
      href:
        "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b5e68264-7d4d-42a9-88d4-5616c77c6baa",
    },
    destination: {
      href:
        "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/3152c22b-3d72-442d-a83b-e575df3a043e",
    },
  },
  amount: {
    currency: "USD",
    value: "225.00",
  },
};

dwolla.post("transfers", transferRequest).then(function (res) {
  res.headers.get("location"); // => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/d76265cd-0951-e511-80da-0aa34a9b2388'
});
```

When the transfer is created, you will receive a `201` HTTP response with an empty response body. You can refer to the Location header to retrieve a link to the created Transfer resource. All bank transactions that are sourced from a bank or that are going to a bank will have an initial status of `pending`. We recommend storing the full Transfer URL for future use, as it will be needed for correlating transfer update webhooks that are triggered for the user in the Dwolla system.

## Step 4B: Handle Webhooks

A single API call to create a payment transfer can trigger several transfer-related webhook events. The number of webhooks and type of webhook events can vary depending on the Customer type(s) involved in the transfer, as well as the source and destination for the funds transfer.
For more information on which webhooks will be fired for a given section of a transfer, refer to our [Developer Resource Article](/concepts/webhook-events).

## Step 4C: Simulate Payment Processing

To simulate paymentACH processing in the Dwolla Sandbox environment, navigate to the Sandbox Dashboard. From here, you will want to click the “Process Bank Transfers” button on the top of the screen. Your Sandbox transfer will be moved out of a `pending` status and moved to a `processed` status.

<Image src={processBankTransfers} alt="process bank transfers" />

**Production payment processing timing**

While ACHfunds transfer processing can be simulated at any time in the sandbox, behavior will vary in production depending on what transfer clearing options you specify. Refer to our developer resource article to [learn more on transfer timing](/concepts/transfer-processing-times) in production.

## Step 4D: Verify Status of Transfer

Since ACH transactions in production can take a few days to complete, webhooks are an efficient way to notify you of when a transfer is completed and `processed` to a destination funding source. However, if you want to verify the status of a transfer at any given point in time, you can make a call to the API to retrieve the transfer by its unique id.

```javascript
{
    "_links": {
        "source": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/accounts/30a6cb55-1754-4948-b431-ebe48288ef25",
            "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
            "resource-type": "account"
        },
        "funding-transfer": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/6fdd095c-afd7-e811-8111-bec1f96924ed",
            "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
            "resource-type": "transfer"
        },
        "destination-funding-source": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/AB443D36-3757-44C1-A1B4-29727FB3111C",
            "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
            "resource-type": "funding-source"
        },
        "self": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/74c9129b-d14a-e511-80da-0aa34a9b2388",
            "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
            "resource-type": "transfer"
        },
        "source-funding-source": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/707177c3-bf15-4e7e-b37c-55c3898d9bf4",
            "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
            "resource-type": "funding-source"
        },
        "destination": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/4e988dba-0a1e-4591-ad04-eab3613e2f83",
            "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
            "resource-type": "customer"
        }
    },
    "id": "74c9129b-d14a-e511-80da-0aa34a9b2388",
    "status": "processed",
    "amount": {
        "value": "10.00",
        "currency": "USD"
    }
}
```
