pages/guides/dwolla-js/add-a-bank-account/configure-and-call-function.mdx, before:

---
layout: guides
title: "Step 3: Configure and call function"
guide:
  step: 3
meta:
  title: Add Bank - Configure and Call Dwolla.js | Dwolla API Documentation
  description: Set up dwolla.js configuration and function to create a new funding source.
---

# Step 3: Configure and call function

Configuration options are available for utilizing dwolla.js in both our Sandbox and production environments. Configuration of an environment should take place after you have included the dwolla.js library.

```javascript
// Sandbox
dwolla.configure("sandbox");

// Production
dwolla.configure("prod");
```

### dwolla.fundingSources.create()

| Param                 | Type     | Value                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| --------------------- | -------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| funding-sources-token | string   | A funding sources token generated on your server.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| params                | object   | An object containing params to create a funding source. Contains keys: `routingNumber`, `accountNumber`, `type`, and `name`. See example below. <br /> `routingNumber` represents a string value nine digit routing number. <br /> `accountNumber` represents a string value account number. <br /> `type` represents a string value of either `checking` or `savings`. <br /> `name` represents a string value identifying name of the user's bank. |
| callback              | function | A callback function that handles the response from Dwolla.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

#### Example

```javascript
dwolla.fundingSources.create(
  "1zN400zyPUobbdmeNfhTGH2Jh5JkFREJa9YBI8SLXp0ERXNTMT",
  {
    routingNumber: document.getElementById("routingNumber").value,
    accountNumber: document.getElementById("accountNumber").value,
    type: document.getElementById("type").value,
    name: document.getElementById("name").value,
  },
  function (err, res) {
    console.log(
      "Error: " + JSON.stringify(err) + " -- Response: " + JSON.stringify(res)
    );
  }
);
```

## Call JavaScript function to create a new funding source

Assuming `dwolla.js` is already included and configured on your page, you will create the function that will call `dwolla.fundingSources.create()`. For this example, jQuery is used to call the function that creates a funding source when the user clicks the "Add Bank" button on your page. To test in the sandbox environment, use the `dwolla.configure()` helper function and pass in the value of `sandbox`.

In our example, `dwolla.fundingSources.create()` takes three arguments: a string value of the funding sources token, JavaScript object containing bank account information entered by the user, and a callback function that will handle any error or response.

```javascript
$("form").on("submit", function () {
  dwolla.configure("sandbox");
  var token = "Z9BvpNuSrsI7Ke1mcGmTT0EpwW34GSmDaYP09frCpeWdq46JUg";
  var bankInfo = {
    routingNumber: document.getElementById("routingNumber").value,
    accountNumber: document.getElementById("accountNumber").value,
    type: document.getElementById("type").value,
    name: document.getElementById("name").value,
  };
  dwolla.fundingSources.create(token, bankInfo, callback);
  return false;
});

function callback(err, res) {
  var $div = $("<div />");
  var logValue = {
    error: err,
    response: res,
  };
  $div.text(JSON.stringify(logValue));
  console.log(logValue);
  $("#logs").append($div);
}
```

Commit message:

DEV-1409: Add sunset notice for dwolla.js to changelog and related docs

pages/guides/dwolla-js/add-a-bank-account/configure-and-call-function.mdx, after:

---
layout: guides
title: "Step 3: Configure and call function"
guide:
  step: 3
meta:
  title: Add Bank - Configure and Call Dwolla.js | Dwolla API Documentation
  description: Set up dwolla.js configuration and function to create a new funding source.
---

<AlertBar variation="announcement">
  Deprecation Announcement: Dwolla will be discontinuing support for dwolla.js on August 31, 2023. This library is no longer being actively developed, and we recommend using the <a href="/concepts/drop-in-components">Drop-in Components library</a> instead. The Drop-in Components library offers an enhanced developer experience and includes functionality that was previously only available in dwolla.js.

For more information, please see the official <a href="https://discuss.dwolla.com/t/may-2023-updates-retiring-dwolla-s-client-side-javascript-library-dwolla-js/8969">announcement</a> and <a href="https://discuss.dwolla.com/t/migration-guide-dwolla-js-to-dwolla-web-js/8968">migration guide</a>.

</AlertBar>

# Step 3: Configure and call function

Configuration options are available for utilizing dwolla.js in both our Sandbox and production environments. Configuration of an environment should take place after you have included the dwolla.js library.

```javascript
// Sandbox
dwolla.configure("sandbox");

// Production
dwolla.configure("prod");
```

### dwolla.fundingSources.create()

| Param                 | Type     | Value                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| --------------------- | -------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| funding-sources-token | string   | A funding sources token generated on your server.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| params                | object   | An object containing params to create a funding source. Contains keys: `routingNumber`, `accountNumber`, `type`, and `name`. See example below. <br /> `routingNumber` represents a string value nine digit routing number. <br /> `accountNumber` represents a string value account number. <br /> `type` represents a string value of either `checking` or `savings`. <br /> `name` represents a string value identifying name of the user's bank. |
| callback              | function | A callback function that handles the response from Dwolla.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

#### Example

```javascript
dwolla.fundingSources.create(
  "1zN400zyPUobbdmeNfhTGH2Jh5JkFREJa9YBI8SLXp0ERXNTMT",
  {
    routingNumber: document.getElementById("routingNumber").value,
    accountNumber: document.getElementById("accountNumber").value,
    type: document.getElementById("type").value,
    name: document.getElementById("name").value,
  },
  function (err, res) {
    console.log(
      "Error: " + JSON.stringify(err) + " -- Response: " + JSON.stringify(res)
    );
  }
);
```

## Call JavaScript function to create a new funding source

Assuming `dwolla.js` is already included and configured on your page, you will create the function that will call `dwolla.fundingSources.create()`. For this example, jQuery is used to call the function that creates a funding source when the user clicks the "Add Bank" button on your page. To test in the sandbox environment, use the `dwolla.configure()` helper function and pass in the value of `sandbox`.

In our example, `dwolla.fundingSources.create()` takes three arguments: a string value of the funding sources token, JavaScript object containing bank account information entered by the user, and a callback function that will handle any error or response.

```javascript
$("form").on("submit", function () {
  dwolla.configure("sandbox");
  var token = "Z9BvpNuSrsI7Ke1mcGmTT0EpwW34GSmDaYP09frCpeWdq46JUg";
  var bankInfo = {
    routingNumber: document.getElementById("routingNumber").value,
    accountNumber: document.getElementById("accountNumber").value,
    type: document.getElementById("type").value,
    name: document.getElementById("name").value,
  };
  dwolla.fundingSources.create(token, bankInfo, callback);
  return false;
});

function callback(err, res) {
  var $div = $("<div />");
  var logValue = {
    error: err,
    response: res,
  };
  $div.text(JSON.stringify(logValue));
  console.log(logValue);
  $("#logs").append($div);
}
```
