pages/guides/dwolla-js/add-a-bank-account/create-form.mdx, before:

---
layout: guides
title: "Step 1: Create a form"
guide:
  step: 1
meta:
  title: Add Bank - Create form for Dwolla.js | Dwolla API Documentation
  description: Create the form that will be used as inputs for the account and routing number.
---

# Step 1: Create a form

You'll then add a form to the body of the page where you want to collect the user's bank account information.

```html
<form>
  <div>
    <label>Routing number</label>
    <input
      type="text"
      id="routingNumber"
      name="routingNumber"
      placeholder="273222226"
    />
  </div>
  <div>
    <label>Account number</label>
    <input
      type="text"
      id="accountNumber"
      name="accountNumber"
      placeholder="Account number"
    />
  </div>
  <div>
    <label>Bank account name</label>
    <input type="text" id="name" name="name" placeholder="Name" />
  </div>
  <div>
    <select id="type" name="type">
      <option value="checking">Checking</option>
      <option value="savings">Savings</option>
    </select>
  </div>
  <div>
    <input type="submit" value="Add Bank" />
  </div>
</form>

<div id="logs"></div>
```

Commit message:

DEV-1409: Add sunset notice for dwolla.js to changelog and related docs

pages/guides/dwolla-js/add-a-bank-account/create-form.mdx, after:

---
layout: guides
title: "Step 1: Create a form"
guide:
  step: 1
meta:
  title: Add Bank - Create form for Dwolla.js | Dwolla API Documentation
  description: Create the form that will be used as inputs for the account and routing number.
---

<AlertBar variation="announcement">
  Deprecation Announcement: Dwolla will be discontinuing support for dwolla.js on August 31, 2023. This library is no longer being actively developed, and we recommend using the <a href="/concepts/drop-in-components">Drop-in Components library</a> instead. The Drop-in Components library offers an enhanced developer experience and includes functionality that was previously only available in dwolla.js.

For more information, please see the official <a href="https://discuss.dwolla.com/t/may-2023-updates-retiring-dwolla-s-client-side-javascript-library-dwolla-js/8969">announcement</a> and <a href="https://discuss.dwolla.com/t/migration-guide-dwolla-js-to-dwolla-web-js/8968">migration guide</a>.

</AlertBar>

# Step 1: Create a form

You'll then add a form to the body of the page where you want to collect the user's bank account information.

```html
<form>
  <div>
    <label>Routing number</label>
    <input
      type="text"
      id="routingNumber"
      name="routingNumber"
      placeholder="273222226"
    />
  </div>
  <div>
    <label>Account number</label>
    <input
      type="text"
      id="accountNumber"
      name="accountNumber"
      placeholder="Account number"
    />
  </div>
  <div>
    <label>Bank account name</label>
    <input type="text" id="name" name="name" placeholder="Name" />
  </div>
  <div>
    <select id="type" name="type">
      <option value="checking">Checking</option>
      <option value="savings">Savings</option>
    </select>
  </div>
  <div>
    <input type="submit" value="Add Bank" />
  </div>
</form>

<div id="logs"></div>
```
