pages/guides/dwolla-js/add-a-bank-account/create-token.mdx, before:

---
layout: guides
title: "Step 2: Create a funding sources token"
guide:
  step: 2
meta:
  title: Add Bank - Create Funding Source Token | Dwolla API Documentation
  description: Create a funding sources token for use in initiating Dwolla.js, a powerful and secure bank account verification tool.
---

# Step 2: Generate a funding sources token

Before calling a function within dwolla.js to add a new funding source, you need to generate a funding sources token. Your server initiates a POST request to Dwolla, specifying for which Dwolla account or Dwolla API Customer you want to add a bank account. Dwolla will respond with a funding sources `token` that expires in an hour. This token will be sent to the client and used to authenticate the HTTP request asking Dwolla to add a new funding source.

```bash
curl -X POST
\ -H "Content-Type: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json"
\ -H "Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json"
\ -H "Authorization: Bearer qe634nV7dIYpYDf3VGZPciziPU2BCboUZ7G7EG8XEyGswKkBV5"
\ "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/28138609-30FF-4607-B28C-4A3872F8FD4A/funding-sources-token"

HTTP/1.1 200 OK
{
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/28138609-30ff-4607-b28c-4a3872f8fd4a/funding-sources-token"
    }
  },
  "token": "Z9BvpNuSrsI7Ke1mcGmTT0EpwW34GSmDaYP09frCpeWdq46JUg"
}
```

```ruby
customer_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/AB443D36-3757-44C1-A1B4-29727FB3111C'

# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby (Recommended)
customer = app_token.post "#{customer_url}/funding-sources-token"
customer.token # => "Z9BvpNuSrsI7Ke1mcGmTT0EpwW34GSmDaYP09frCpeWdq46JUg"
```

```javascript
// Using dwolla-v2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-node
var customerUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/28138609-30ff-4607-b28c-4a3872f8fd4a";

dwolla.post(`${customerUrl}/funding-sources-token`).then(function (res) {
  res.body.token; // => 'Z9BvpNuSrsI7Ke1mcGmTT0EpwW34GSmDaYP09frCpeWdq46JUg'
});
```

```python
customer_url = 'https://api.dwolla.com/customers/28138609-30ff-4607-b28c-4a3872f8fd4a'
customers_api = dwollaswagger.CustomersApi(client)

token = customers_api.create_funding_sources_token_for_customer(customer_url)
print token['token'] # => 'Z9BvpNuSrsI7Ke1mcGmTT0EpwW34GSmDaYP09frCpeWdq46JUg'
```

```php
<?php
$customersApi = new DwollaSwagger\CustomersApi($apiClient);

$fsToken = $customersApi->createFundingSourcesTokenForCustomer("https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/28138609-30ff-4607-b28c-4a3872f8fd4a");
$fsToken->token; # => "Z9BvpNuSrsI7Ke1mcGmTT0EpwW34GSmDaYP09frCpeWdq46JUg"
?>
```

Commit message:

DEV-1409: Add sunset notice for dwolla.js to changelog and related docs (#507)

pages/guides/dwolla-js/add-a-bank-account/create-token.mdx, after:

---
layout: guides
title: "Step 2: Create a funding sources token"
guide:
  step: 2
meta:
  title: Add Bank - Create Funding Source Token | Dwolla API Documentation
  description: Create a funding sources token for use in initiating Dwolla.js, a powerful and secure bank account verification tool.
---

<AlertBar variation="announcement">
  Sunset notice: Dwolla will be retiring dwolla.js on August 31, 2023. This library should no longer be used, and we recommend migrating to the latest client-side JavaScript library that includes <a href="/concepts/drop-in-components">Drop-in Components</a>. The Drop-in Components library offers an enhanced developer experience and includes functionality that was previously only available in dwolla.js.

For more information, please see the official <a href="https://discuss.dwolla.com/t/may-2023-updates-retiring-dwolla-s-client-side-javascript-library-dwolla-js/8969">announcement</a> and <a href="https://discuss.dwolla.com/t/migration-guide-dwolla-js-to-dwolla-web-js/8968">migration guide</a>.

</AlertBar>

# Step 2: Generate a funding sources token

Before calling a function within dwolla.js to add a new funding source, you need to generate a funding sources token. Your server initiates a POST request to Dwolla, specifying for which Dwolla account or Dwolla API Customer you want to add a bank account. Dwolla will respond with a funding sources `token` that expires in an hour. This token will be sent to the client and used to authenticate the HTTP request asking Dwolla to add a new funding source.

```bash
curl -X POST
\ -H "Content-Type: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json"
\ -H "Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json"
\ -H "Authorization: Bearer qe634nV7dIYpYDf3VGZPciziPU2BCboUZ7G7EG8XEyGswKkBV5"
\ "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/28138609-30FF-4607-B28C-4A3872F8FD4A/funding-sources-token"

HTTP/1.1 200 OK
{
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/28138609-30ff-4607-b28c-4a3872f8fd4a/funding-sources-token"
    }
  },
  "token": "Z9BvpNuSrsI7Ke1mcGmTT0EpwW34GSmDaYP09frCpeWdq46JUg"
}
```

```ruby
customer_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/AB443D36-3757-44C1-A1B4-29727FB3111C'

# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby (Recommended)
customer = app_token.post "#{customer_url}/funding-sources-token"
customer.token # => "Z9BvpNuSrsI7Ke1mcGmTT0EpwW34GSmDaYP09frCpeWdq46JUg"
```

```javascript
// Using dwolla-v2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-node
var customerUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/28138609-30ff-4607-b28c-4a3872f8fd4a";

dwolla.post(`${customerUrl}/funding-sources-token`).then(function (res) {
  res.body.token; // => 'Z9BvpNuSrsI7Ke1mcGmTT0EpwW34GSmDaYP09frCpeWdq46JUg'
});
```

```python
customer_url = 'https://api.dwolla.com/customers/28138609-30ff-4607-b28c-4a3872f8fd4a'
customers_api = dwollaswagger.CustomersApi(client)

token = customers_api.create_funding_sources_token_for_customer(customer_url)
print token['token'] # => 'Z9BvpNuSrsI7Ke1mcGmTT0EpwW34GSmDaYP09frCpeWdq46JUg'
```

```php
<?php
$customersApi = new DwollaSwagger\CustomersApi($apiClient);

$fsToken = $customersApi->createFundingSourcesTokenForCustomer("https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/28138609-30ff-4607-b28c-4a3872f8fd4a");
$fsToken->token; # => "Z9BvpNuSrsI7Ke1mcGmTT0EpwW34GSmDaYP09frCpeWdq46JUg"
?>
```
