pages/api-reference/index.mdx, before:

---
title: "API Reference"
description: "Programmatically send bank transfers with our developer API."
meta:
  title: "API Reference | Dwolla API Documentation"
  description: "Complete reference documentation for the Dwolla API. Includes resource descriptions, endpoints and methods, parameters, and request and response examples."
---

# Introduction

Welcome to the Dwolla API documentation. This API will give you the ability to connect your software to banking infrastructure to move money, store funds, validate customer identities, and verify bank accounts.

## Making requests

All requests should supply the `Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json` header. `POST` requests must either specify the `Content-Type: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json` or `Content-Type: application/json` header. Request and response bodies are JSON encoded.

Requests must be made over HTTPS. Any non-secure requests are met with a redirect (HTTP 302) to the HTTPS equivalent URI.

```bash
POST https://api.dwolla.com/customers
Content-Type: application/json
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer myOAuthAccessToken123

{
  "foo": "bar"
}

... or ...

GET https://api.dwolla.com/accounts/a84222d5-31d2-4290-9a96-089813ef96b3/transfers
```

### Authentication

All requests require either an OAuth access token or a `client_id` and `client_secret` in order to authenticate with the API. OAuth access tokens are passed via the `Authorization` HTTP header:

`Authorization: Bearer {access_token_here}`

### API Host

**Production:** `https://api.dwolla.com`

**Sandbox:** `https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com`

## Idempotency key

To prevent an operation from being performed more than once, Dwolla supports passing in an `Idempotency-Key` header with a unique key as the value. Multiple `POSTs` with the same idempotency key and request body won't result in multiple resources being created. It is recommended to use a random value for the idempotency key, like a UUID (i.e. - `Idempotency-Key: d2adcbab-4e4e-430b-9181-ac9346be723a`).

For example, if a request to [initiate a transfer](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/transfers/initiate) fails due to a network connection issue, you can reattempt the request with the same idempotency key to guarantee that only a single transfer is created.

If you reattempt a `POST` request with the same value for the `Idempotency-Key`, rather than creating new or potentially duplicate resources, you will receive a `201 Created`, with the original response of the created resource. If the Dwolla server is still processing the original `POST` request, you will receive a `409 Conflict` error response on the subsequent request. Multiple `POST`s with the same idempotency key including an **exact match** request body won’t result in multiple resources being created. Idempotency keys are intended to prevent conflicts over a short period of time, therefore keys which are paired with a request body expire after 24 hours.

<AlertBar variation="info">
  To prevent resources from being created more than once, we highly recommend
  making all requests idempotent.
</AlertBar>

#### Example transfer using an Idempotency Key

```bash
POST https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Content-Type: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY
Idempotency-Key: 19051a62-3403-11e6-ac61-9e71128cae77

{
    "_links": {
        "destination": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/04173e17-6398-4d36-a167-9d98c4b1f1c3"
        },
        "source": {
            "href": "http://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/707177c3-bf15-4e7e-b37c-55c3898d9bf4"
        }
    },
    "amount": {
        "currency": "USD",
        "value": "1337.00"
    }
}
...

HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Location: https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/74c9129b-d14a-e511-80da-0aa34a9b2388
```

```ruby
# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
headers = {
  "Idempotency-Key" => "19051a62-3403-11e6-ac61-9e71128cae77"
}

request_body = {
  :_links => {
    :source => {
      :href => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/04173e17-6398-4d36-a167-9d98c4b1f1c3"
    },
    :destination => {
      :href => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/707177c3-bf15-4e7e-b37c-55c3898d9bf4"
    }
  },
  :amount => {
    :currency => "USD",
    :value => "1.00"
  }
}

transfer = app_token.post "transfers", request_body, headers
transfer.response_headers[:location] # => "https://api.dwolla.com/transfers/74c9129b-d14a-e511-80da-0aa34a9b2388"
```

```php
<?php
$transfersApi = new DwollaSwagger\TransfersApi($apiClient);

$transfer = $transfersApi->create([
  '_links' => [
    'source' => [
      'href' => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/04173e17-6398-4d36-a167-9d98c4b1f1c3',
    ],
    'destination' => [
      'href' => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/707177c3-bf15-4e7e-b37c-55c3898d9bf4'
    ]
  ],
  'amount' => [
    'currency' => 'USD',
    'value' => '1.00'
  ]
],
[
    'Idempotency-Key' => '19051a62-3403-11e6-ac61-9e71128cae77'
]);

$transfer; # => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/74c9129b-d14a-e511-80da-0aa34a9b2388"
?>
```

```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
headers = {
  'Idempotency-Key': '19051a62-3403-11e6-ac61-9e71128cae77'
}

request_body = {
  '_links': {
    'source': {
      'href': 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/04173e17-6398-4d36-a167-9d98c4b1f1c3'
    },
    'destination': {
      'href': 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/707177c3-bf15-4e7e-b37c-55c3898d9bf4'
    }
  },
  'amount': {
    'currency': 'USD',
    'value': '1.00'
  }
}

transfer = app_token.post('transfers', request_body, headers)
transfer.headers['location'] # => 'https://api.dwolla.com/transfers/74c9129b-d14a-e511-80da-0aa34a9b2388'
```

```javascript
var headers = {
  "Idempotency-Key": "19051a62-3403-11e6-ac61-9e71128cae77",
};
var requestBody = {
  _links: {
    source: {
      href: "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/04173e17-6398-4d36-a167-9d98c4b1f1c3",
    },
    destination: {
      href: "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/707177c3-bf15-4e7e-b37c-55c3898d9bf4",
    },
  },
  amount: {
    currency: "USD",
    value: "1.00",
  },
};

dwolla
  .post("transfers", requestBody, headers)
  .then((res) => res.headers.get("location")); // => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/74c9129b-d14a-e511-80da-0aa34a9b2388'
```

## Errors

Error responses use HTTP status codes to indicate the type of error. The JSON response body will contain a top-level error code and a message with a detailed description of the error. Errors will contain their own media type and will closely align with [this spec](https://github.com/blongden/vnd.error).

### Example HTTP 401 error

```bash
{
  "code": "InvalidAccessToken",
  "message": "Invalid access token."
}
```

### Common errors

The following errors are common across all API endpoints.

| HTTP Status | Error Code               | Description                                                                                               |
| ----------- | ------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 400         | BadRequest               | The request body contains bad syntax or is incomplete.                                                    |
| 400         | ValidationError          | Validation error(s) present. See embedded errors list for more details. ([See below](#validation-errors)) |
| 401         | InvalidCredentials       | Missing or invalid Authorization header.                                                                  |
| 401         | InvalidAccessToken       | Invalid access token.                                                                                     |
| 401         | ExpiredAccessToken       | Generate a new access token using your client credentials.                                                |
| 401         | InvalidAccountStatus     | Invalid access token account status.                                                                      |
| 401         | InvalidApplicationStatus | Invalid application status.                                                                               |
| 401         | InvalidScopes            | Missing or invalid scopes for requested endpoint.                                                         |
| 403         | Forbidden                | The supplied credentials are not authorized for this resource.                                            |
| 403         | InvalidResourceState     | Resource cannot be modified.                                                                              |
| 404         | NotFound                 | The requested resource was not found.                                                                     |
| 405         | MethodNotAllowed         | (varies)                                                                                                  |
| 406         | InvalidVersion           | Missing or invalid API version.                                                                           |
| 500         | ServerError              | A server error occurred. Error ID: {ID}                                                                   |
| 500         | RequestTimeout           | The request timed out.                                                                                    |

### Validation errors

Responses with a top-level error code of `ValidationError` are returned when it’s possible to correct a specific problem with your request. The response will include a message: "Validation error(s) present. See embedded errors list for more details." At least one, but possibly more, detailed error will be present in the list of embedded errors. Multiple errors are represented in a collection of embedded error objects.

#### `_embedded` JSON object

| Parameter | Description                                                              |
| --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| errors    | An array of JSON object(s) that contain a `code`, `message`, and `path`. |

The `path` field is a JSON pointer to the specific field in the request that has a problem. The `message` is a human readable description of the problem. The `code` is a detailed error code that can have one of the following values:

| Code                  | Description                                                                                |
| --------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Required              | {field name} is required. For example, null or empty string in required field.             |
| Invalid               | {field name} invalid.                                                                      |
| InvalidFormat         | {field name} is not in a valid format. For example, characters in the amount field.        |
| Duplicate             | Duplicate resource error. For example, A customer with the specified email already exists. |
| ReadOnly              | this field is not allowed to be modified                                                   |
| NotAllowed            | value, while valid/exists, is not allowed to be used                                       |
| Restricted            | account or customer restricted from this activity                                          |
| InsufficientFunds     | used on source or destination fields of transfer endpoint                                  |
| RequiresFundingSource | used on destination field of transfer endpoint to indicate customer needs a bank           |
| FileTooLarge          | used on document upload                                                                    |

#### Example HTTP 400 validation error

```bash
{
    "code": "ValidationError",
    "message": "Validation error(s) present. See embedded errors list for more details.",
    "_embedded": {
        "errors": [
            {
                "code": "Required",
                "message": "FirstName required.",
                "path": "/firstName",
                "_links": {}
            }
        ]
    }
}
```

## Links

Relationships and available actions for a resource are represented with links. All resources have a `_links` attribute. At a minimum, all resources will have a `self` link which indicates the URL of the resource itself.

Some links, such as `funding-sources`, give you a URL which you can follow to access related resources. For example, the customer resource has a `funding-sources` link which, when followed, will list the customer's available funding sources.

Responses which contain a collection of resources have pagination links, `first`, `next`, `last`, and `prev`.

```bash
{
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "https://api.dwolla.com/customers/132681FA-1B4D-4181-8FF2-619CA46235B1"
    },
    "funding-sources": {
      "href": "https://api.dwolla.com/customers/132681FA-1B4D-4181-8FF2-619CA46235B1/funding-sources"
    },
    "transfers": {
      "href": "https://api.dwolla.com/customers/132681FA-1B4D-4181-8FF2-619CA46235B1/transfers"
    },
    "retry-verification": {
      "href": "https://api.dwolla.com/customers/132681FA-1B4D-4181-8FF2-619CA46235B1"
    }
  },
  "id": "132681FA-1B4D-4181-8FF2-619CA46235B1",
  "firstName": "Jane",
  "lastName": "doe",
  "email": "jdoe@nomail.com",
  "type": "personal",
  "status": "retry",
  "created": "2015-09-29T19:47:28.920Z"
}
```

## Tools

The following section will outline development tools you can take advantage of to assist in your integration with the Dwolla API. The available tools can help to improve your testing and development workflow, as well as aid in solving a difficult problem (e.g. UI generation) when integrating Dwolla into your application.

### Dwolla Hal-Forms

[Dwolla HAL-Forms](https://github.com/Dwolla/hal-forms) is an extension of the [HAL spec](http://stateless.co/hal_specification.html) and was created to describe how Dwolla represents forms in the API. The extension starts with the media type. The media type should be used as a profile link as part of the `Accept` header of the request in conjunction with the Dwolla HAL style media type. By including these two media-type identifiers in the Accept header, the API knows that you’re looking for a form for the given resource.

##### Example Accept header value

`application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json; profile="https://github.com/dwolla/hal-forms"`

The primary benefit is the ability to dynamically generate your UI based on the state of a particular resource. Your application can easily transition state without knowing Dwolla's business rules and what information needs to included in the actual request to transition state. When an `"edit-form"` link relation is returned on the resource, then your application can follow the link by making a GET request to that resource, including the header shown above. The response will include a simple JSON response body that contains information on the HTTP method, message content-type, and the request parameters used when sending the request to the Dwolla API. **Note:** Currently, forms are only returned for creating & editing customers, but we’re looking forward to expanding them across our existing and future endpoints.

Reference [the spec](https://github.com/Dwolla/hal-forms) for more information on the properties that can be returned in the Dwolla HAL-FORMS response. Or read a [blog post](https://www.dwolla.com/updates/simplified-customer-onboarding-through-a-better-formed-api/) from one of our developers on building out this functionality.

---

Commit message:

DEV-999: Create a subsection of 'Making Requests' that outlines Dwolla rate limits (#374)

pages/api-reference/index.mdx, after:

---
title: "API Reference"
description: "Programmatically send bank transfers with our developer API."
meta:
  title: "API Reference | Dwolla API Documentation"
  description: "Complete reference documentation for the Dwolla API. Includes resource descriptions, endpoints and methods, parameters, and request and response examples."
---

# Introduction

Welcome to the Dwolla API documentation. This API will give you the ability to connect your software to banking infrastructure to move money, store funds, validate customer identities, and verify bank accounts.

## Making requests

All requests should supply the `Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json` header. `POST` requests must either specify the `Content-Type: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json` or `Content-Type: application/json` header. Request and response bodies are JSON encoded.

Requests must be made over HTTPS. Any non-secure requests are met with a redirect (HTTP 302) to the HTTPS equivalent URI.

```bash
POST https://api.dwolla.com/customers
Content-Type: application/json
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer myOAuthAccessToken123

{
  "foo": "bar"
}

... or ...

GET https://api.dwolla.com/accounts/a84222d5-31d2-4290-9a96-089813ef96b3/transfers
```

### Authentication

All requests require either an OAuth access token or a `client_id` and `client_secret` in order to authenticate with the API. OAuth access tokens are passed via the `Authorization` HTTP header:

`Authorization: Bearer {access_token_here}`

### API Host

**Production:** `https://api.dwolla.com`

**Sandbox:** `https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com`

### Rate Limits

Dwolla imposes a rate limit for any applications that make requests to our API. Currently, there are two types of rate limits that we define:

- Concurrency-based that is imposed for transfers that, when created, are sourced from a [Dwolla Balance](/concepts/balance-funding-source) associated with a Dwolla [Account](/api-reference/accounts) or [Customer](/api-reference/customers). Applications that attempt to [initiate transfers](/api-reference/transfers/initiate) sourced from the same [balance funding source](/concepts/balance-funding-source) in quick succession may receive an HTTP `429 Too Many Requests` status code.

- Volume-based that is imposed for **all Dwolla endpoints**. At this time, these thresholds are defined as outside the range of what we consider normal API usage. If the rate limit is reached for an endpoint, subsequent requests to the same endpoint will result in an HTTP `429 Too Many Requests` status code. This rate limit will persist for 5 minutes.

Dwolla recommends building a mechanism into your application for `429 Too Many Requests` responses, which would retry the request following an exponential backoff schedule to reduce request volume, and utilizes [idempotency keys](/api-reference#idempotency-key), where applicable. This ensures actions only perform once and prevents creation of duplicate records.

If you believe that your application will require a high rate of API calls, please contact support@dwolla.com for further assistance.

## Idempotency key

To prevent an operation from being performed more than once, Dwolla supports passing in an `Idempotency-Key` header with a unique key as the value. Multiple `POSTs` with the same idempotency key and request body won't result in multiple resources being created. It is recommended to use a random value for the idempotency key, like a UUID (i.e. - `Idempotency-Key: d2adcbab-4e4e-430b-9181-ac9346be723a`).

For example, if a request to [initiate a transfer](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/transfers/initiate) fails due to a network connection issue, you can reattempt the request with the same idempotency key to guarantee that only a single transfer is created.

If you reattempt a `POST` request with the same value for the `Idempotency-Key`, rather than creating new or potentially duplicate resources, you will receive a `201 Created`, with the original response of the created resource. If the Dwolla server is still processing the original `POST` request, you will receive a `409 Conflict` error response on the subsequent request. Multiple `POST`s with the same idempotency key including an **exact match** request body won’t result in multiple resources being created. Idempotency keys are intended to prevent conflicts over a short period of time, therefore keys which are paired with a request body expire after 24 hours.

<AlertBar variation="info">
  To prevent resources from being created more than once, we highly recommend
  making all requests idempotent.
</AlertBar>

#### Example transfer using an Idempotency Key

```bash
POST https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Content-Type: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY
Idempotency-Key: 19051a62-3403-11e6-ac61-9e71128cae77

{
    "_links": {
        "destination": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/04173e17-6398-4d36-a167-9d98c4b1f1c3"
        },
        "source": {
            "href": "http://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/707177c3-bf15-4e7e-b37c-55c3898d9bf4"
        }
    },
    "amount": {
        "currency": "USD",
        "value": "1337.00"
    }
}
...

HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Location: https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/74c9129b-d14a-e511-80da-0aa34a9b2388
```

```ruby
# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
headers = {
  "Idempotency-Key" => "19051a62-3403-11e6-ac61-9e71128cae77"
}

request_body = {
  :_links => {
    :source => {
      :href => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/04173e17-6398-4d36-a167-9d98c4b1f1c3"
    },
    :destination => {
      :href => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/707177c3-bf15-4e7e-b37c-55c3898d9bf4"
    }
  },
  :amount => {
    :currency => "USD",
    :value => "1.00"
  }
}

transfer = app_token.post "transfers", request_body, headers
transfer.response_headers[:location] # => "https://api.dwolla.com/transfers/74c9129b-d14a-e511-80da-0aa34a9b2388"
```

```php
<?php
$transfersApi = new DwollaSwagger\TransfersApi($apiClient);

$transfer = $transfersApi->create([
  '_links' => [
    'source' => [
      'href' => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/04173e17-6398-4d36-a167-9d98c4b1f1c3',
    ],
    'destination' => [
      'href' => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/707177c3-bf15-4e7e-b37c-55c3898d9bf4'
    ]
  ],
  'amount' => [
    'currency' => 'USD',
    'value' => '1.00'
  ]
],
[
    'Idempotency-Key' => '19051a62-3403-11e6-ac61-9e71128cae77'
]);

$transfer; # => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/74c9129b-d14a-e511-80da-0aa34a9b2388"
?>
```

```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
headers = {
  'Idempotency-Key': '19051a62-3403-11e6-ac61-9e71128cae77'
}

request_body = {
  '_links': {
    'source': {
      'href': 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/04173e17-6398-4d36-a167-9d98c4b1f1c3'
    },
    'destination': {
      'href': 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/707177c3-bf15-4e7e-b37c-55c3898d9bf4'
    }
  },
  'amount': {
    'currency': 'USD',
    'value': '1.00'
  }
}

transfer = app_token.post('transfers', request_body, headers)
transfer.headers['location'] # => 'https://api.dwolla.com/transfers/74c9129b-d14a-e511-80da-0aa34a9b2388'
```

```javascript
var headers = {
  "Idempotency-Key": "19051a62-3403-11e6-ac61-9e71128cae77",
};
var requestBody = {
  _links: {
    source: {
      href: "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/04173e17-6398-4d36-a167-9d98c4b1f1c3",
    },
    destination: {
      href: "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/707177c3-bf15-4e7e-b37c-55c3898d9bf4",
    },
  },
  amount: {
    currency: "USD",
    value: "1.00",
  },
};

dwolla
  .post("transfers", requestBody, headers)
  .then((res) => res.headers.get("location")); // => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/74c9129b-d14a-e511-80da-0aa34a9b2388'
```

## Errors

Error responses use HTTP status codes to indicate the type of error. The JSON response body will contain a top-level error code and a message with a detailed description of the error. Errors will contain their own media type and will closely align with [this spec](https://github.com/blongden/vnd.error).

### Example HTTP 401 error

```bash
{
  "code": "InvalidAccessToken",
  "message": "Invalid access token."
}
```

### Common errors

The following errors are common across all API endpoints.

| HTTP Status | Error Code               | Description                                                                                               |
| ----------- | ------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 400         | BadRequest               | The request body contains bad syntax or is incomplete.                                                    |
| 400         | ValidationError          | Validation error(s) present. See embedded errors list for more details. ([See below](#validation-errors)) |
| 401         | InvalidCredentials       | Missing or invalid Authorization header.                                                                  |
| 401         | InvalidAccessToken       | Invalid access token.                                                                                     |
| 401         | ExpiredAccessToken       | Generate a new access token using your client credentials.                                                |
| 401         | InvalidAccountStatus     | Invalid access token account status.                                                                      |
| 401         | InvalidApplicationStatus | Invalid application status.                                                                               |
| 401         | InvalidScopes            | Missing or invalid scopes for requested endpoint.                                                         |
| 403         | Forbidden                | The supplied credentials are not authorized for this resource.                                            |
| 403         | InvalidResourceState     | Resource cannot be modified.                                                                              |
| 404         | NotFound                 | The requested resource was not found.                                                                     |
| 405         | MethodNotAllowed         | (varies)                                                                                                  |
| 406         | InvalidVersion           | Missing or invalid API version.                                                                           |
| 500         | ServerError              | A server error occurred. Error ID: {ID}                                                                   |
| 500         | RequestTimeout           | The request timed out.                                                                                    |

### Validation errors

Responses with a top-level error code of `ValidationError` are returned when it’s possible to correct a specific problem with your request. The response will include a message: "Validation error(s) present. See embedded errors list for more details." At least one, but possibly more, detailed error will be present in the list of embedded errors. Multiple errors are represented in a collection of embedded error objects.

#### `_embedded` JSON object

| Parameter | Description                                                              |
| --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| errors    | An array of JSON object(s) that contain a `code`, `message`, and `path`. |

The `path` field is a JSON pointer to the specific field in the request that has a problem. The `message` is a human readable description of the problem. The `code` is a detailed error code that can have one of the following values:

| Code                  | Description                                                                                |
| --------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Required              | {field name} is required. For example, null or empty string in required field.             |
| Invalid               | {field name} invalid.                                                                      |
| InvalidFormat         | {field name} is not in a valid format. For example, characters in the amount field.        |
| Duplicate             | Duplicate resource error. For example, A customer with the specified email already exists. |
| ReadOnly              | this field is not allowed to be modified                                                   |
| NotAllowed            | value, while valid/exists, is not allowed to be used                                       |
| Restricted            | account or customer restricted from this activity                                          |
| InsufficientFunds     | used on source or destination fields of transfer endpoint                                  |
| RequiresFundingSource | used on destination field of transfer endpoint to indicate customer needs a bank           |
| FileTooLarge          | used on document upload                                                                    |

#### Example HTTP 400 validation error

```bash
{
    "code": "ValidationError",
    "message": "Validation error(s) present. See embedded errors list for more details.",
    "_embedded": {
        "errors": [
            {
                "code": "Required",
                "message": "FirstName required.",
                "path": "/firstName",
                "_links": {}
            }
        ]
    }
}
```

## Links

Relationships and available actions for a resource are represented with links. All resources have a `_links` attribute. At a minimum, all resources will have a `self` link which indicates the URL of the resource itself.

Some links, such as `funding-sources`, give you a URL which you can follow to access related resources. For example, the customer resource has a `funding-sources` link which, when followed, will list the customer's available funding sources.

Responses which contain a collection of resources have pagination links, `first`, `next`, `last`, and `prev`.

```bash
{
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "https://api.dwolla.com/customers/132681FA-1B4D-4181-8FF2-619CA46235B1"
    },
    "funding-sources": {
      "href": "https://api.dwolla.com/customers/132681FA-1B4D-4181-8FF2-619CA46235B1/funding-sources"
    },
    "transfers": {
      "href": "https://api.dwolla.com/customers/132681FA-1B4D-4181-8FF2-619CA46235B1/transfers"
    },
    "retry-verification": {
      "href": "https://api.dwolla.com/customers/132681FA-1B4D-4181-8FF2-619CA46235B1"
    }
  },
  "id": "132681FA-1B4D-4181-8FF2-619CA46235B1",
  "firstName": "Jane",
  "lastName": "doe",
  "email": "jdoe@nomail.com",
  "type": "personal",
  "status": "retry",
  "created": "2015-09-29T19:47:28.920Z"
}
```

## Tools

The following section will outline development tools you can take advantage of to assist in your integration with the Dwolla API. The available tools can help to improve your testing and development workflow, as well as aid in solving a difficult problem (e.g. UI generation) when integrating Dwolla into your application.

### Dwolla Hal-Forms

[Dwolla HAL-Forms](https://github.com/Dwolla/hal-forms) is an extension of the [HAL spec](http://stateless.co/hal_specification.html) and was created to describe how Dwolla represents forms in the API. The extension starts with the media type. The media type should be used as a profile link as part of the `Accept` header of the request in conjunction with the Dwolla HAL style media type. By including these two media-type identifiers in the Accept header, the API knows that you’re looking for a form for the given resource.

##### Example Accept header value

`application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json; profile="https://github.com/dwolla/hal-forms"`

The primary benefit is the ability to dynamically generate your UI based on the state of a particular resource. Your application can easily transition state without knowing Dwolla's business rules and what information needs to included in the actual request to transition state. When an `"edit-form"` link relation is returned on the resource, then your application can follow the link by making a GET request to that resource, including the header shown above. The response will include a simple JSON response body that contains information on the HTTP method, message content-type, and the request parameters used when sending the request to the Dwolla API. **Note:** Currently, forms are only returned for creating & editing customers, but we’re looking forward to expanding them across our existing and future endpoints.

Reference [the spec](https://github.com/Dwolla/hal-forms) for more information on the properties that can be returned in the Dwolla HAL-FORMS response. Or read a [blog post](https://www.dwolla.com/updates/simplified-customer-onboarding-through-a-better-formed-api/) from one of our developers on building out this functionality.

---
