pages/guides/micro-deposit-verification/verify-micro-deposits.mdx, before:

---
layout: guides
title: "Step 2: Verify micro-deposits"
guide:
  step: 2
meta:
  title: Verify Micro-deposits | Dwolla API Documentation
  description: Verify user bank accounts using test funds by posting randomly generated amounts to your customer's account.
---

# Verify micro-deposits

In the Dwolla production environment, you must wait until the micro-deposits actually post to the customer’s bank account before the account can be verified, which can take 1-2 business days. A `microdeposits_completed` event will be triggered once micro-deposits have successfully posted to the bank. Once micro-deposits have completed, a `verify-micro-deposits` link relation will return on the funding source letting your application know the funding source can be verified.

<AlertBar variation="info">
  In the Sandbox environment, any amount below $0.10 will allow you to verify
  the account immediately.
</AlertBar>

```bash
POST /funding-sources/e52006c3-7560-4ff1-99d5-b0f3a6f4f909/micro-deposits
Authorization: Bearer 8tJjM7iTjujLthkbVPMUcHLqMNw4uv5kG712g9j1RRBHplGpwo
Content-Type: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json

{
    'amount1': {
        'value': '0.03',
        'currency': 'USD'
    },
    'amount2': {
        'value': '0.09',
        'currency': 'USD'
    }
}

HTTP 200 OK
```

```ruby
funding_source_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/e52006c3-7560-4ff1-99d5-b0f3a6f4f909'
request_body = {
  :amount1 => {
    :value => '0.03',
    :currency => 'USD'
  },
  :amount2 => {
    :value => '0.09',
    :currency => 'USD'
  }
}

# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby (Recommended)
app_token.post '#{funding_source_url}/micro-deposits', request_body

```

```javascript
var fundingSourceUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/e52006c3-7560-4ff1-99d5-b0f3a6f4f909";
var requestBody = {
  amount1: {
    value: "0.03",
    currency: "USD",
  },
  amount2: {
    value: "0.09",
    currency: "USD",
  },
};

appToken.post(`${fundingSourceUrl}/micro-deposits`, requestBody);
```

```python
funding_source_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/e52006c3-7560-4ff1-99d5-b0f3a6f4f909'
request_body = {
    'amount1': {
        'value': '0.03',
        'currency': 'USD'
    },
    'amount2': {
        'value': '0.09',
        'currency': 'USD'
    }
}

# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python (Recommended)
app_token.post('%s/micro-deposits' % funding_source_url, request_body)
```

```php
<?php
$fundingSourceUrl = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/e52006c3-7560-4ff1-99d5-b0f3a6f4f909';

$fsApi = new DwollaSwagger\FundingsourcesApi($apiClient);

$fsApi->microDeposits($fundingSourceUrl, [
  'amount1' => [
    'value' => '0.03',
    'currency' => 'USD'
  ],
  'amount2' => [
    'value' => '0.09',
    'currency' => 'USD'
  ]
]);
?>
```

### Handle failed verification attempts

Your customer will have only three attempts to correctly input the two posted micro-deposit amounts. If your customer reaches the max attempts allowed, a `microdeposits_maxattempts` [event](https://docs.dwolla.com/#events) will be triggered and they will no longer be allowed to verify the funding source using those same two posted micro-deposit amounts. In order to retry bank account verification via micro-deposits, the following steps will need to be taken by your customer and application:

1. [Removal of the funding source](https://docs.dwolla.com/#remove-a-funding-source) with failed micro-deposit verification attempts.
2. Wait 48 hours after the initial funding source was added to re-add the funding source.
3. Initiate new micro-deposits to the funding source.
4. Verify the funding source using the new posted micro-deposit amounts.

Links returned on the funding source resource, either `initiate-micro-deposits` or `verify-micro-deposits`, will give your application insight into whether the funding source is eligible to receive or verify micro-deposits.

Commit message:

DEV-278: mentioned failed-verification-micro-deposits link

pages/guides/micro-deposit-verification/verify-micro-deposits.mdx, after:

---
layout: guides
title: "Step 2: Verify micro-deposits"
guide:
  step: 2
meta:
  title: Verify Micro-deposits | Dwolla API Documentation
  description: Verify user bank accounts using test funds by posting randomly generated amounts to your customer's account.
---

# Verify micro-deposits

In the Dwolla production environment, you must wait until the micro-deposits actually post to the customer’s bank account before the account can be verified, which can take 1-2 business days. A `microdeposits_completed` event will be triggered once micro-deposits have successfully posted to the bank. Once micro-deposits have completed, a `verify-micro-deposits` link relation will return on the funding source letting your application know the funding source can be verified.

<AlertBar variation="info">
  In the Sandbox environment, any amount below $0.10 will allow you to verify
  the account immediately.
</AlertBar>

```bash
POST /funding-sources/e52006c3-7560-4ff1-99d5-b0f3a6f4f909/micro-deposits
Authorization: Bearer 8tJjM7iTjujLthkbVPMUcHLqMNw4uv5kG712g9j1RRBHplGpwo
Content-Type: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json

{
    'amount1': {
        'value': '0.03',
        'currency': 'USD'
    },
    'amount2': {
        'value': '0.09',
        'currency': 'USD'
    }
}

HTTP 200 OK
```

```ruby
funding_source_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/e52006c3-7560-4ff1-99d5-b0f3a6f4f909'
request_body = {
  :amount1 => {
    :value => '0.03',
    :currency => 'USD'
  },
  :amount2 => {
    :value => '0.09',
    :currency => 'USD'
  }
}

# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby (Recommended)
app_token.post '#{funding_source_url}/micro-deposits', request_body

```

```javascript
var fundingSourceUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/e52006c3-7560-4ff1-99d5-b0f3a6f4f909";
var requestBody = {
  amount1: {
    value: "0.03",
    currency: "USD",
  },
  amount2: {
    value: "0.09",
    currency: "USD",
  },
};

appToken.post(`${fundingSourceUrl}/micro-deposits`, requestBody);
```

```python
funding_source_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/e52006c3-7560-4ff1-99d5-b0f3a6f4f909'
request_body = {
    'amount1': {
        'value': '0.03',
        'currency': 'USD'
    },
    'amount2': {
        'value': '0.09',
        'currency': 'USD'
    }
}

# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python (Recommended)
app_token.post('%s/micro-deposits' % funding_source_url, request_body)
```

```php
<?php
$fundingSourceUrl = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/e52006c3-7560-4ff1-99d5-b0f3a6f4f909';

$fsApi = new DwollaSwagger\FundingsourcesApi($apiClient);

$fsApi->microDeposits($fundingSourceUrl, [
  'amount1' => [
    'value' => '0.03',
    'currency' => 'USD'
  ],
  'amount2' => [
    'value' => '0.09',
    'currency' => 'USD'
  ]
]);
?>
```

### Handle failed verification attempts

Your customer will have only three attempts to correctly input the two posted micro-deposit amounts. If your customer reaches the max attempts allowed, a `microdeposits_maxattempts` [event](https://docs.dwolla.com/#events) will be triggered and a `failed-verification-micro-deposits` link will be returned in the response for the funding-source. As a result, they will no longer be allowed to verify the funding source using those same two posted micro-deposit amounts. In order to retry bank account verification via micro-deposits, the following steps will need to be taken by your customer and application:

1. [Removal of the funding source](https://docs.dwolla.com/#remove-a-funding-source) with failed micro-deposit verification attempts.
2. Wait 48 hours after the initial funding source was added to re-add the funding source.
3. Initiate new micro-deposits to the funding source.
4. Verify the funding source using the new posted micro-deposit amounts.

Links returned on the funding source resource, either `initiate-micro-deposits` or `verify-micro-deposits`, will give your application insight into whether the funding source is eligible to receive or verify micro-deposits.
