pages/guides/transfer-money-me-to-me/add-funding-sources.mdx, before:

---
layout: guides
title: "Step 2: Add funding sources"
guide:
  step: 2
meta:
  title: Me-to-Me - Add funding sources | Dwolla API Documentation
  description: Create two bank funding source to enable a Customer to send funds between to accounts.
---

# Step 2: Adding Funding Sources

Within Dwolla, the sending party must always [verify their bank account](/guides/plaid) in order to be eligible to create a transfer.

## Bank Addition and Verification Methods

There are multiple ways of adding a bank to a Customer with the Dwolla API. A simplified table below outlines the similarities and differences of each method.

| Bank Addition Method                                           | Will the bank be verified?    | Required Information            |
| -------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------- | ------------------------------- |
| API - Account & Routing Number                                 | Optional - With Microdeposits | Bank Account and Routing Number |
| [Dwolla.js](/guides/dwolla-js/add-a-bank-account)              | Optional - With Microdeposits | Bank Account and Routing Number |
| [Dwolla + Plaid integration](/guides/plaid)                    | Yes                           | Online banking Credentials      |
| [Dwolla + Secure Exchange solution](/concepts/secure-exchange) | Yes                           | Online banking credentials      |
| Other Approved Third-party Provider                            | Yes                           | Variable                        |

## Step 2A: Add a Bank to a Verified Personal Customer

Next, you will create and attach a verified funding source to your Customer, which will be done using Plaid Link, a third-party bank verification provider. This method will give your Customers the ability to add and verify their bank account in a matter of seconds by authenticating using their online banking credentials.

Once your Customer reaches the page in your application to add a bank account, you will first use Plaid Link to authenticate the user's bank account, exchange the `public_token` for a `processor_token`, and then send the `processor_token` to Dwolla to create the funding source.

To integrate Dwolla with Plaid, we recommend checking out our [Add a Bank via Dwolla + Plaid Integration](/guides/plaid) guide. Additionally, if you would like to see a working example that verifies a bank via Plaid Link (using Next.js/React) and attaches it as a verified funding source to a Dwolla Customer, please check out our [dwolla-plaid-funding-source](https://github.com/Dwolla/integration-examples/blob/main/dwolla-plaid-funding-source) integration example on our GitHub profile.

## Step 2B: Handle Webhooks

If you have an active webhook subscription, you should receive both the `customer_funding_source_added` and `customer_funding_source_verified` webhook immediately following the request to Dwolla to add a funding source using a Plaid `processorToken`.

## Step 2C: Add a Savings Account

Once you have integrated Dwolla with Plaid, and you have attached a customer's `checking` account, you will want to repeat the same steps outlined above to add the customer's `savings` account as a funding source as well.

Commit message:

DEV-1409: Add sunset notice for dwolla.js to changelog and related docs (#507)

pages/guides/transfer-money-me-to-me/add-funding-sources.mdx, after:

---
layout: guides
title: "Step 2: Add funding sources"
guide:
  step: 2
meta:
  title: Me-to-Me - Add funding sources | Dwolla API Documentation
  description: Create two bank funding source to enable a Customer to send funds between to accounts.
---

# Step 2: Adding Funding Sources

Within Dwolla, the sending party must always [verify their bank account](/guides/plaid) in order to be eligible to create a transfer.

## Bank Addition and Verification Methods

There are multiple ways of adding a bank to a Customer with the Dwolla API. A simplified table below outlines the similarities and differences of each method.

| Bank Addition Method                                           | Will the bank be verified?    | Required Information            |
| -------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------- | ------------------------------- |
| API - Account & Routing Number                                 | Optional - With Microdeposits | Bank Account and Routing Number |
| [Dwolla.js](/guides/dwolla-js/add-a-bank-account)              | Optional - With Microdeposits | Bank Account and Routing Number |
| [Dwolla + Plaid integration](/guides/plaid)                    | Yes                           | Online banking Credentials      |
| [Dwolla + Secure Exchange solution](/concepts/secure-exchange) | Yes                           | Online banking credentials      |
| Other Approved Third-party Provider                            | Yes                           | Variable                        |

<AlertBar variation="announcement">
  Sunset notice: Dwolla will be retiring dwolla.js on August 31, 2023. This library should no longer be used, and we recommend migrating to the latest client-side JavaScript library that includes <a href="/concepts/drop-in-components">Drop-in Components</a>. The Drop-in Components library offers an enhanced developer experience and includes functionality that was previously only available in dwolla.js.

For more information, please see the official <a href="https://discuss.dwolla.com/t/may-2023-updates-retiring-dwolla-s-client-side-javascript-library-dwolla-js/8969">announcement</a> and <a href="https://discuss.dwolla.com/t/migration-guide-dwolla-js-to-dwolla-web-js/8968">migration guide</a>.

</AlertBar>

## Step 2A: Add a Bank to a Verified Personal Customer

Next, you will create and attach a verified funding source to your Customer, which will be done using Plaid Link, a third-party bank verification provider. This method will give your Customers the ability to add and verify their bank account in a matter of seconds by authenticating using their online banking credentials.

Once your Customer reaches the page in your application to add a bank account, you will first use Plaid Link to authenticate the user's bank account, exchange the `public_token` for a `processor_token`, and then send the `processor_token` to Dwolla to create the funding source.

To integrate Dwolla with Plaid, we recommend checking out our [Add a Bank via Dwolla + Plaid Integration](/guides/plaid) guide. Additionally, if you would like to see a working example that verifies a bank via Plaid Link (using Next.js/React) and attaches it as a verified funding source to a Dwolla Customer, please check out our [dwolla-plaid-funding-source](https://github.com/Dwolla/integration-examples/blob/main/dwolla-plaid-funding-source) integration example on our GitHub profile.

## Step 2B: Handle Webhooks

If you have an active webhook subscription, you should receive both the `customer_funding_source_added` and `customer_funding_source_verified` webhook immediately following the request to Dwolla to add a funding source using a Plaid `processorToken`.

## Step 2C: Add a Savings Account

Once you have integrated Dwolla with Plaid, and you have attached a customer's `checking` account, you will want to repeat the same steps outlined above to add the customer's `savings` account as a funding source as well.
