pages/guides/transfer-between-users/index.mdx, before:

---
layout: guides
title: "Overview"
group:
  category: Getting Started
  title: Transfer money between users
  description: Facilitate ACH transfers between two distinct parties, e.g. for marketplace applications that connect buyers with sellers for bank to bank payments.
guide:
  step: 0
  filter: prerequisites
  icon: facilitate-payments.svg
meta:
  title: Transfer Money Between Your Users | Dwolla API Documentation
  description: Use Dwolla's ACH payment API to facilitate and create transfers within your application or platform. Use a single API call to create a payment transfer.
---

# Overview: Transfer money between your users

The most common scenario for this guide is to facilitate marketplace or peer-to-peer transfers between your customers.

In this guide, we’ll cover the key points of transferring money:

- Create a `Verified Customer` who will receive the transfer
- Create an `Unverified Customer` who will send the transfer
- Associate a verified funding source (bank or credit union account) with the sender
- Associate an unverified funding source (bank or credit union account) with recipient
- Transfer funds from the sender’s funding source to the recipient’s funding source

## Before you begin

You need to have a [Sandbox account](/guides/sandbox-setup) already set up.

## Verified and Unverified Customers

Here are some rules to keep in mind:

1. With a transfer of money, at least one party must complete the [identity verification process](https://www.dwolla.com/updates/guide-customer-identification-program-payments-api/), either the sender or the receiver. It’s your decision about which party completes this process, based on your business model, and you may want to have both parties complete the identity verification process.
2. The sender must have a verified funding source. Unverified funding sources can only receive money, not send.

In this guide, we’ll create two Customers: one to represent a seller and one to represent a buyer. In this scenario, the seller, Jane Merchant, is a `Verified Customer` with an unverified funding source. The buyer, Joe Buyer, is an `Unverified Customer` with a verified funding source.

**Please note:** This is a suggested approach and there are other ways you can implement your marketplace transfers. For instance, both the sender and the receiver (or buyer and seller) could be `Verified Customers`, and both could have verified funding sources. Or, you could have the sender undergo identity verification but not the recipient.

Looking to learn more about each Customer type and how it relates to your funds flow? Take a look at our [Customer types](/concepts/account-types) article for more information.

Commit message:

Web-687: Content cleanup (#76)
* Update links, alerts, images, icons, etc. in mdx files

* fix syntax errors

* Rename pngMock -> imageMock (#77)

* content edits round 2

Co-authored-by: Stephen Ausman <stephen@dwolla.com>

pages/guides/transfer-between-users/index.mdx, after:

---
layout: guides
title: "Overview"
group:
  category: Getting Started
  title: Transfer money between users
  description: Facilitate ACH transfers between two distinct parties, e.g. for marketplace applications that connect buyers with sellers for bank to bank payments.
guide:
  step: 0
  filter: prerequisites
  icon: facilitate-payments.svg
meta:
  title: Transfer Money Between Your Users | Dwolla API Documentation
  description: Use Dwolla's ACH payment API to facilitate and create transfers within your application or platform. Use a single API call to create a payment transfer.
---

import AlertBar from "../../../components/base/AlertBar";
import Image from "../../../components/base/Image";
import fundsFlowFacilitate from "../../../assets/images/content-images/funds-flow-facilitate.gif";

# Overview: Transfer money between your users

The most common scenario for this guide is to facilitate marketplace or peer-to-peer transfers between your customers.

In this guide, we’ll cover the key points of transferring money:

- Create a `Verified Customer` who will receive the transfer
- Create an `Unverified Customer` who will send the transfer
- Associate a verified funding source (bank or credit union account) with the sender
- Associate an unverified funding source (bank or credit union account) with recipient
- Transfer funds from the sender’s funding source to the recipient’s funding source

<Image
  src={fundsFlowFacilitate}
  alt="Funds Flow Facilitate Transfers"
  width="75%"
  height="75%"
/>

## Before you begin

You need to have a [Sandbox account](/concepts/sandbox) already set up.

## Verified and Unverified Customers

Here are some rules to keep in mind:

1. With a transfer of money, at least one party must complete the [identity verification process](https://www.dwolla.com/updates/guide-customer-identification-program-payments-api/), either the sender or the receiver. It’s your decision about which party completes this process, based on your business model, and you may want to have both parties complete the identity verification process.
2. The sender must have a verified funding source. Unverified funding sources can only receive money, not send.

In this guide, we’ll create two Customers: one to represent a seller and one to represent a buyer. In this scenario, the seller, Jane Merchant, is a `Verified Customer` with an unverified funding source. The buyer, Joe Buyer, is an `Unverified Customer` with a verified funding source.

<AlertBar variation="info">
  This is a suggested approach and there are other ways you can implement your
  marketplace transfers. For instance, both the sender and the receiver (or
  buyer and seller) could be <code>Verified Customers</code>, and both could
  have verified funding sources. Or, you could have the sender undergo identity
  verification but not the recipient.
</AlertBar>

Looking to learn more about each Customer type and how it relates to your funds flow? Take a look at our [Customer types](/concepts/customer-types) article for more information.
