pages/docs/balance/api-reference/documents/create-document-for-beneficial-owner.mdx, before:

---
layout: guides
product: balance
title: "Create a document for a beneficial owner"
guide:
  step: 3
meta:
  title: "Create Document for Beneficial Owner | Dwolla API Documentation"
  description: Create a document for a beneficial owner pending verification by uploading a photo of the document.
---

# Create a document for a beneficial owner

Create a document for a beneficial owner pending verification by uploading a photo of the document. This requires a multipart form-data POST request. The file must be either a `.jpg`, `.jpeg`, or `.png`, up to 10MB in size.

### HTTP request

> `POST https://api.dwolla.com/beneficial-owners/{id}/documents`

### Request parameters

| Form Field   | Description                                        |
| ------------ | -------------------------------------------------- |
| documentType | One of `passport`, `license`, `idCard`, or `other` |
| file         | File contents.                                     |

### Request and response

```bash
curl -X POST
\ -H "Authorization: Bearer tJlyMNW6e3QVbzHjeJ9JvAPsRglFjwnba4NdfCzsYJm7XbckcR"
\ -H "Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json"
\ -H "Cache-Control: no-cache"
\ -H "Content-Type: multipart/form-data; boundary=----WebKitFormBoundary7MA4YWxkTrZu0gW"
\ -F "documentType=passport"
\ -F "file=@foo.png"
\ 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/beneficial-owners/1de32ec7-ff0b-4c0c-9f09-19629e6788ce/documents'

...

HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Location: https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/documents/11fe0bab-39bd-42ee-bb39-275afcc050d0
```

```ruby
# Using dwolla_v2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
beneficial_owner_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/beneficial-owners/1DE32EC7-FF0B-4C0C-9F09-19629E6788CE'

file = Faraday::UploadIO.new('mclovin.jpg', 'image/jpeg')
document = app_token.post "#{beneficial_owner_url}/documents", file: file, documentType: 'license'
document.response_headers[:location] # => "https://api.dwolla.com/documents/fb919e0b-ffbe-4268-b1e2-947b44328a16"
```

```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
beneficial_owner_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/beneficial-owners/1DE32EC7-FF0B-4C0C-9F09-19629E6788CE'

document = app_token.post('%s/documents' % customer_url, file = open('mclovin.jpg', 'rb'), documentType = 'license')
document.headers['location'] # => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/documents/fb919e0b-ffbe-4268-b1e2-947b44328a16'
```

```php
/**
 * No example for this language yet.
 **/
```

```javascript
// Using dwolla-v2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-node
// Using form-data - https://github.com/form-data/form-data (Not Maintained By Dwolla)
var beneficialOwnerUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/beneficial-owners/1DE32EC7-FF0B-4C0C-9F09-19629E6788CE";

var requestBody = new FormData();
body.append("file", fs.createReadStream("mclovin.jpg"), {
  filename: "mclovin.jpg",
  contentType: "image/jpeg",
  knownLength: fs.statSync("mclovin.jpg").size,
});
body.append("documentType", "license");

dwolla
  .post(`${beneficialOwnerUrl}/documents`, requestBody)
  .then((res) => res.headers.get("location")); // => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/documents/fb919e0b-ffbe-4268-b1e2-947b44328a16"
```

Commit message:

change scan to colored captured image for document upload

pages/docs/balance/api-reference/documents/create-document-for-beneficial-owner.mdx, after:

---
layout: guides
product: balance
title: "Create a document for a beneficial owner"
guide:
  step: 3
meta:
  title: "Create Document for Beneficial Owner | Dwolla API Documentation"
  description: Create a document for a beneficial owner pending verification by uploading a photo of the document.
---

# Create a document for a beneficial owner

To verify an individual identity, please upload a clear, colored image captured with a camera of a government-issued identification document.

Here's what you need to know about uploading a document:

- Multipart Form-Data POST Request: You'll need to use a multipart form-data POST request to upload your document. This is a specific type of HTTP request used for file uploads.
- Supported File Formats: The uploaded file must be a color image in one of these formats: JPG, JPEG, or PNG.
- File Size Limit: The file size cannot exceed 10MB.

### HTTP request

> `POST https://api.dwolla.com/beneficial-owners/{id}/documents`

### Request parameters

| Form Field   | Description                                        |
| ------------ | -------------------------------------------------- |
| documentType | One of `passport`, `license`, `idCard`, or `other` |
| file         | File contents.                                     |

### Request and response

```bash
curl -X POST
\ -H "Authorization: Bearer tJlyMNW6e3QVbzHjeJ9JvAPsRglFjwnba4NdfCzsYJm7XbckcR"
\ -H "Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json"
\ -H "Cache-Control: no-cache"
\ -H "Content-Type: multipart/form-data; boundary=----WebKitFormBoundary7MA4YWxkTrZu0gW"
\ -F "documentType=passport"
\ -F "file=@foo.png"
\ 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/beneficial-owners/1de32ec7-ff0b-4c0c-9f09-19629e6788ce/documents'

...

HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Location: https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/documents/11fe0bab-39bd-42ee-bb39-275afcc050d0
```

```ruby
# Using dwolla_v2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
beneficial_owner_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/beneficial-owners/1DE32EC7-FF0B-4C0C-9F09-19629E6788CE'

file = Faraday::UploadIO.new('mclovin.jpg', 'image/jpeg')
document = app_token.post "#{beneficial_owner_url}/documents", file: file, documentType: 'license'
document.response_headers[:location] # => "https://api.dwolla.com/documents/fb919e0b-ffbe-4268-b1e2-947b44328a16"
```

```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
beneficial_owner_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/beneficial-owners/1DE32EC7-FF0B-4C0C-9F09-19629E6788CE'

document = app_token.post('%s/documents' % customer_url, file = open('mclovin.jpg', 'rb'), documentType = 'license')
document.headers['location'] # => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/documents/fb919e0b-ffbe-4268-b1e2-947b44328a16'
```

```php
/**
 * No example for this language yet.
 **/
```

```javascript
// Using dwolla-v2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-node
// Using form-data - https://github.com/form-data/form-data (Not Maintained By Dwolla)
var beneficialOwnerUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/beneficial-owners/1DE32EC7-FF0B-4C0C-9F09-19629E6788CE";

var requestBody = new FormData();
body.append("file", fs.createReadStream("mclovin.jpg"), {
  filename: "mclovin.jpg",
  contentType: "image/jpeg",
  knownLength: fs.statSync("mclovin.jpg").size,
});
body.append("documentType", "license");

dwolla
  .post(`${beneficialOwnerUrl}/documents`, requestBody)
  .then((res) => res.headers.get("location")); // => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/documents/fb919e0b-ffbe-4268-b1e2-947b44328a16"
```
