pages/docs/balance/what-is-dwolla-balance.mdx, before:

---
title: "What is Dwolla Balance?"
description: "TODO: Some description for Dwolla Balance product"
layout: concepts
category: Get Started
weight: 0
meta:
  title: "TODO: Dwolla Balance | Dwolla Payments Platform"
  description: "TODO: Some meta.description for Dwolla Balance product"
---

# What is Dwolla Balance?

[Dwolla Balance](/docs/balance) offers a white labeled product experience powered by an API that enables you embed account-to-account payments into a web or mobile application. Dwolla Balance connects your business to the U.S. banking infrastructure through an established relationship with one of Dwolla’s financial institution partners. Dwolla Balance revolves around the idea of stored-value/digital wallet functionality, enabling a range of funds flow models such as sending funds (payouts), receiving funds (pay-ins), facilitating transfers between users, and facilitating transfers between a user's payment accounts (Me-to-Me).

## Audience and Technical Level

Dwolla Balance is intended for businesses of all sizes, from small startups to large enterprises. The technical level required to integrate can vary depending on the specific needs of your business and which aspects of the product you’ll be utilizing. In general, you will need to have a basic understanding of HTTP requests and responses, JSON data format, and security best practices. Dwolla Balance requires skills in both front-end and back-end web and/or mobile development. Since Dwolla offers a REST API, you can integrate the API into your own platform using standard programming languages such as Node.js, Python, PHP, C-Sharp, Java/Kotlin, and Ruby. To expedite your integration, low code Drop-in Components are available for a wide range of functions which can be customized to match your brand.

## Benefits

The benefits of using Dwolla include:

- Fast and secure payments: Dwolla uses the Automated Clearing House (ACH) network to process payments, which is a secure and reliable way to transfer money.
- Low fees: Dwolla's transaction fees are lower than those of traditional payment processors; such as credit cards.
- Flexibility: Dwolla's API is flexible and can be customized to meet the needs of businesses of all sizes. Real-time webhooks enable your application to be in sync with all events that occur on the Dwolla platform.
- Scalability and reliability: Dwolla is scalable and can handle large volumes of transactions. In addition, the API maintains 99.9% uptime so you can count on reliability as your business grows.

## Features

The following key features help you diversify the way in which you embed account-to-account payments into your own platform:

- Same-day ACH payments: Allows you to expedite the way you send and receive money via ACH by opening up additional windows for processing transactions on the same day.
- Real-time payments: Dwolla also supports real-time payments, which allow businesses to send instantly. You can pre-fund your [Dwolla Wallet](/docs/balance/balance-funding-source) to enable near real-time push payments 24/7/365.
- Virtual account numbers: Dwolla allows you to create virtual account numbers, which allow you to programmatically create a routing and account number that can be used for sending ACH transactions to and from a [Dwolla Wallet](/docs/balance/balance-funding-source).
- Reporting and analytics: Dwolla provides businesses with detailed reporting and analytics data, which can be used to track payments and improve cash flow management.

## Limitations

Some of the limitations of Dwolla include:

- Not available in all countries: Dwolla is currently only available for businesses registered to operate within the United States.
- Integration complexity: For complex payment flows, Dwolla can be challenging to set up for businesses that are not familiar with APIs.

Commit message:

Update meta title and description

pages/docs/balance/what-is-dwolla-balance.mdx, after:

---
title: "What is Dwolla Balance?"
description: "Leverage Dwolla's existing financial institution relationship to connect your business to the U.S. banking infrastructure."
layout: concepts
category: Get Started
weight: 0
meta:
  title: "What is Dwolla Balance? | Dwolla Documentation"
  description: "Leverage Dwolla's existing financial institution relationship to connect your business to the U.S. banking infrastructure."
---

# What is Dwolla Balance?

[Dwolla Balance](/docs/balance) offers a white labeled product experience powered by an API that enables you embed account-to-account payments into a web or mobile application. Dwolla Balance connects your business to the U.S. banking infrastructure through an established relationship with one of Dwolla’s financial institution partners. Dwolla Balance revolves around the idea of stored-value/digital wallet functionality, enabling a range of funds flow models such as sending funds (payouts), receiving funds (pay-ins), facilitating transfers between users, and facilitating transfers between a user's payment accounts (Me-to-Me).

## Audience and Technical Level

Dwolla Balance is intended for businesses of all sizes, from small startups to large enterprises. The technical level required to integrate can vary depending on the specific needs of your business and which aspects of the product you’ll be utilizing. In general, you will need to have a basic understanding of HTTP requests and responses, JSON data format, and security best practices. Dwolla Balance requires skills in both front-end and back-end web and/or mobile development. Since Dwolla offers a REST API, you can integrate the API into your own platform using standard programming languages such as Node.js, Python, PHP, C-Sharp, Java/Kotlin, and Ruby. To expedite your integration, low code Drop-in Components are available for a wide range of functions which can be customized to match your brand.

## Benefits

The benefits of using Dwolla include:

- Fast and secure payments: Dwolla uses the Automated Clearing House (ACH) network to process payments, which is a secure and reliable way to transfer money.
- Low fees: Dwolla's transaction fees are lower than those of traditional payment processors; such as credit cards.
- Flexibility: Dwolla's API is flexible and can be customized to meet the needs of businesses of all sizes. Real-time webhooks enable your application to be in sync with all events that occur on the Dwolla platform.
- Scalability and reliability: Dwolla is scalable and can handle large volumes of transactions. In addition, the API maintains 99.9% uptime so you can count on reliability as your business grows.

## Features

The following key features help you diversify the way in which you embed account-to-account payments into your own platform:

- Same-day ACH payments: Allows you to expedite the way you send and receive money via ACH by opening up additional windows for processing transactions on the same day.
- Real-time payments: Dwolla also supports real-time payments, which allow businesses to send instantly. You can pre-fund your [Dwolla Wallet](/docs/balance/balance-funding-source) to enable near real-time push payments 24/7/365.
- Virtual account numbers: Dwolla allows you to create virtual account numbers, which allow you to programmatically create a routing and account number that can be used for sending ACH transactions to and from a [Dwolla Wallet](/docs/balance/balance-funding-source).
- Reporting and analytics: Dwolla provides businesses with detailed reporting and analytics data, which can be used to track payments and improve cash flow management.

## Limitations

Some of the limitations of Dwolla include:

- Not available in all countries: Dwolla is currently only available for businesses registered to operate within the United States.
- Integration complexity: For complex payment flows, Dwolla can be challenging to set up for businesses that are not familiar with APIs.
