pages/guides/dwolla-js/instant-account-verification/configure-and-call-function.mdx, before:

---
layout: guides
title: "Step 3: Configure and call function"
guide:
  step: 3
meta:
  title: IAV - Configure and Call Dwolla.js | Dwolla API Documentation
  description: Configure and call function for initiating Dwolla.js, a powerful and secure bank account verification tool.
---

import microDepositsFallback from "../../../../assets/images/content-images/microdeposits-fallback.png";

# Step 3: Configure and call function

Configuration options are available for utilizing dwolla.js in both our Sandbox and production environments. Configuration of an environment should take place after you have included the dwolla.js library.

```javascript
// Sandbox
dwolla.configure("sandbox");

// Production
dwolla.configure("prod");
```

Now that you have dwolla.js initialized on the page and the container created where you’ll render the IAV flow, you’ll create a JavaScript function that responds when clicking the “Add bank” button on your page. Once your Customer clicks “Add Bank”, your application will call dwolla.iav.start() passing in the following arguments: the iavContainer element where IAV will render, a string value of your single-use IAV token, and a callback function that will handle any error or response.

```javascript
<script type="text/javascript">
$('#start').click(function() {
  var iavToken = '4adF858jPeQ9RnojMHdqSD2KwsvmhO7Ti7cI5woOiBGCpH5krY';
  dwolla.configure('sandbox');
  dwolla.iav.start(iavToken, {
          container: 'iavContainer',
          stylesheets: [
            'https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Lato&subset=latin,latin-ext'
          ],
          microDeposits: 'true',
          fallbackToMicroDeposits: (fallbackToMicroDeposits.value === 'true')
        }, function(err, res) {
    console.log('Error: ' + JSON.stringify(err) + ' -- Response: ' + JSON.stringify(res));
  });
});
</script>
```

## Options and customization

#### `microDeposits`

Your application can present the micro-deposit method of bank verification throughout the IAV flow by setting the `microDeposits` option to _true_. This option gives the user the ability to initially select either the micro-deposit method of bank verification or IAV, as well as fallback to selecting the micro-deposit method of bank verification if un-successful connecting a bank through the IAV flow.

<Image src={microDepositsFallback} alt="Micro-deposit fallback" />

#### `fallbackToMicroDeposits`

If your application sets the `fallbackToMicroDeposits` option to _true_, a fallback selection screen will appear after **two** failed attempts if there was an issue with connecting a bank using IAV. This selection screen asks the user to choose from either the traditional micro-deposit method of bank verification or re-attempt the IAV flow choosing a different financial institution.

#### `backButton`

By default, a back button will **not** be displayed throughout the IAV flow. If your application sets the `backButton` option to _true_, a back button will appear in the lower left corner of the container throughout the IAV flow.

#### `subscriber`

An optional `subscriber` function can be used if your application is wanting to receive additional information on where the user is within the IAV flow, as well as if a user-facing message was presented to the user. `subscriber` is a function that will be called with an object containing a `currentPage` and an optional `error` attribute. `currentPage` will be a string value that identifies what page the user is on in the IAV flow. If an error occurs, the `error` attribute will be returned along with `currentPage`. `error` will be a JSON object, which includes a top-level error `code` and a `message` (similar to [common errors](https://docs.dwolla.com/#errors) in the API). Reference the following table for possible values:

| Attribute   | Value                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| :---------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| currentPage | `BankSearch` <br /> `BankLogin` <br /> `MFA` <br /> `SelectAccount` <br /> `SuccessIAV` <br /> `SelectVerificationMethod` <br /> `SubmitBankAccountDetails` <br /> `SuccessMicroDeposits`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| error       | **code** and **message**: <br /> `InvalidLogin` - "Please make sure your login or security information is correct." <br /> `AccountNotFound` - "Sorry, we’re unable to find your {BANK NAME} account. Please try again or use a different account." <br /> `UnsupportedSite` - "Sorry, that financial institution is not supported. If possible, please choose a different one or an alternative method for connecting your financial institution." <br /> `AlreadyLoggedIn` - "If you're currently logged in to your {BANK NAME} account, please log out and try again." <br /> `VisitSite` - "We’re unable to process your information because the {BANK NAME} site is currently requiring additional action from you. Please resolve this, then try again." <br /> `UnavailableSite` - "Sorry, there seem to be some technical difficulties while attempting to process your information. Please try again later." |

##### **Example subscriber callback**

```json
{
  "currentPage": "BankLogin",
  "error": {
    "code": "InvalidLogin",
    "message": "Please make sure your login or security information is correct."
  }
}
```

#### `stylesheets`

Dwolla provides a list of CSS classes available for styling certain elements of the IAV flow. These elements can be easily customized to match the look and feel of your application, and are included within the `options` JavaScript object of the function dwolla.iav.start(). You can specify one or many stylesheets as a list within the `stylesheets` attribute. By default, the elements within your specified container are responsive to any change in screen size.

#### List of CSS classes

```css
/* Available css classes for customization*/
.dwolla-iav-text-box,
.dwolla-iav-button,
.dwolla-iav-header,
.dwolla-iav-text,
.dwolla-iav-link,
.dwolla-iav-error,
.dwolla-iav-label,
.dwolla-iav-header,
.dwolla-iav-text-box,
.dwolla-iav-text-box:focus,
.dwolla-iav-link,
.dwolla-iav-link:hover,
.dwolla-iav-button,
.dwolla-iav-button:hover,
.dwolla-iav-button:active,
.dwolla-iav-check-image,
.dwolla-iav-radio-hover,
.dwolla-iav-radio-selected
```

## IAV user experience

Financial institutions have different procedures when it comes to online logins. There are two flows to be aware of in terms of user experience: Preferred and Non-preferred. Your Customers may fall into either one of these two flows when verifying their bank account within the IAV experience.

### Preferred Flow

There are a subset of banks that are found in the initial bank search page that will immediately prompt the user to login with the associated bank account. These are some of the larger financial institutions in the United States, and are all supported by our IAV flow. If your Customer is not banking with one of these institutions, they can search for their bank in the search bar.

### Non-preferred Flow

#### Non-preferred flow #1

There are a number of banks that aren’t found in the bank search. These banks are generally smaller financial institutions. When a bank isn’t returned in the bank search, we’ll prompt the user to input the account and routing number of their bank. Once they click agree and continue, we’ll attempt to look up a bank with the provided information. If a bank is found, we’ll add it as an `unverified` funding-source to the Customer and return a screen for the user to authenticate using their online banking credentials. Once the online banking credentials are submitted, we receive back information that allows us to verify the bank account. Alternatively, if the user fails to correctly enter their online credentials, the funding-source will fallback to microdeposits verification after two failed attempts.

#### Non-preferred flow #2

In some cases, we don’t receive enough information back to verify the bank account. In such cases, we will fall back to name matching in order to determine if the bank should be verified.

**Note:** In a non-preferred flow, if the user enters their account and routing numbers to look up a bank and exits the flow without entering their online banking credentials for authentication, then we fail to make a connection to the bank account and the user is left with an `unverified` funding-source.

If you run into such cases, we have a few recommendations in order to handle the failure attempt and continue the bank verification process. Immediately after the IAV flow, check for the Customer’s list of funding-sources. The list is sorted by the `created` timestamp of the funding-sources, so the latest funding-source should be at the top of the list. If you find that there exists a newly added funding-source with an `unverified` status, you can do one of the following,

- Remove the `unverified` funding-source and prompt the user to attempt the IAV flow again
- Verify the funding-source using [Microdeposits](https://developers.dwolla.com/guides/micro-deposit-verification#verify-a-bank-account-with-micro-deposits)

Commit message:

Update non peferred flows language (#230)
Co-authored-by: Kelly Moreira <kmoreira@kmoreiramac.corp.dwolla.com>

pages/guides/dwolla-js/instant-account-verification/configure-and-call-function.mdx, after:

---
layout: guides
title: "Step 3: Configure and call function"
guide:
  step: 3
meta:
  title: IAV - Configure and Call Dwolla.js | Dwolla API Documentation
  description: Configure and call function for initiating Dwolla.js, a powerful and secure bank account verification tool.
---

import microDepositsFallback from "../../../../assets/images/content-images/microdeposits-fallback.png";

# Step 3: Configure and call function

Configuration options are available for utilizing dwolla.js in both our Sandbox and production environments. Configuration of an environment should take place after you have included the dwolla.js library.

```javascript
// Sandbox
dwolla.configure("sandbox");

// Production
dwolla.configure("prod");
```

Now that you have dwolla.js initialized on the page and the container created where you’ll render the IAV flow, you’ll create a JavaScript function that responds when clicking the “Add bank” button on your page. Once your Customer clicks “Add Bank”, your application will call dwolla.iav.start() passing in the following arguments: the iavContainer element where IAV will render, a string value of your single-use IAV token, and a callback function that will handle any error or response.

```javascript
<script type="text/javascript">
$('#start').click(function() {
  var iavToken = '4adF858jPeQ9RnojMHdqSD2KwsvmhO7Ti7cI5woOiBGCpH5krY';
  dwolla.configure('sandbox');
  dwolla.iav.start(iavToken, {
          container: 'iavContainer',
          stylesheets: [
            'https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Lato&subset=latin,latin-ext'
          ],
          microDeposits: 'true',
          fallbackToMicroDeposits: (fallbackToMicroDeposits.value === 'true')
        }, function(err, res) {
    console.log('Error: ' + JSON.stringify(err) + ' -- Response: ' + JSON.stringify(res));
  });
});
</script>
```

## Options and customization

#### `microDeposits`

Your application can present the micro-deposit method of bank verification throughout the IAV flow by setting the `microDeposits` option to _true_. This option gives the user the ability to initially select either the micro-deposit method of bank verification or IAV, as well as fallback to selecting the micro-deposit method of bank verification if un-successful connecting a bank through the IAV flow.

<Image src={microDepositsFallback} alt="Micro-deposit fallback" />

#### `fallbackToMicroDeposits`

If your application sets the `fallbackToMicroDeposits` option to _true_, a fallback selection screen will appear after **two** failed attempts if there was an issue with connecting a bank using IAV. This selection screen asks the user to choose from either the traditional micro-deposit method of bank verification or re-attempt the IAV flow choosing a different financial institution.

#### `backButton`

By default, a back button will **not** be displayed throughout the IAV flow. If your application sets the `backButton` option to _true_, a back button will appear in the lower left corner of the container throughout the IAV flow.

#### `subscriber`

An optional `subscriber` function can be used if your application is wanting to receive additional information on where the user is within the IAV flow, as well as if a user-facing message was presented to the user. `subscriber` is a function that will be called with an object containing a `currentPage` and an optional `error` attribute. `currentPage` will be a string value that identifies what page the user is on in the IAV flow. If an error occurs, the `error` attribute will be returned along with `currentPage`. `error` will be a JSON object, which includes a top-level error `code` and a `message` (similar to [common errors](https://docs.dwolla.com/#errors) in the API). Reference the following table for possible values:

| Attribute   | Value                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| :---------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| currentPage | `BankSearch` <br /> `BankLogin` <br /> `MFA` <br /> `SelectAccount` <br /> `SuccessIAV` <br /> `SelectVerificationMethod` <br /> `SubmitBankAccountDetails` <br /> `SuccessMicroDeposits`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| error       | **code** and **message**: <br /> `InvalidLogin` - "Please make sure your login or security information is correct." <br /> `AccountNotFound` - "Sorry, we’re unable to find your {BANK NAME} account. Please try again or use a different account." <br /> `UnsupportedSite` - "Sorry, that financial institution is not supported. If possible, please choose a different one or an alternative method for connecting your financial institution." <br /> `AlreadyLoggedIn` - "If you're currently logged in to your {BANK NAME} account, please log out and try again." <br /> `VisitSite` - "We’re unable to process your information because the {BANK NAME} site is currently requiring additional action from you. Please resolve this, then try again." <br /> `UnavailableSite` - "Sorry, there seem to be some technical difficulties while attempting to process your information. Please try again later." |

##### **Example subscriber callback**

```json
{
  "currentPage": "BankLogin",
  "error": {
    "code": "InvalidLogin",
    "message": "Please make sure your login or security information is correct."
  }
}
```

#### `stylesheets`

Dwolla provides a list of CSS classes available for styling certain elements of the IAV flow. These elements can be easily customized to match the look and feel of your application, and are included within the `options` JavaScript object of the function dwolla.iav.start(). You can specify one or many stylesheets as a list within the `stylesheets` attribute. By default, the elements within your specified container are responsive to any change in screen size.

#### List of CSS classes

```css
/* Available css classes for customization*/
.dwolla-iav-text-box,
.dwolla-iav-button,
.dwolla-iav-header,
.dwolla-iav-text,
.dwolla-iav-link,
.dwolla-iav-error,
.dwolla-iav-label,
.dwolla-iav-header,
.dwolla-iav-text-box,
.dwolla-iav-text-box:focus,
.dwolla-iav-link,
.dwolla-iav-link:hover,
.dwolla-iav-button,
.dwolla-iav-button:hover,
.dwolla-iav-button:active,
.dwolla-iav-check-image,
.dwolla-iav-radio-hover,
.dwolla-iav-radio-selected
```

## IAV user experience

Financial institutions have different procedures when it comes to online logins. There are two flows to be aware of in terms of user experience: Preferred and Non-preferred. Your Customers may fall into either one of these two flows when verifying their bank account within the IAV experience.

### Preferred Flow

There are a subset of banks that are found in the initial bank search page that will immediately prompt the user to login with the associated bank account. These are some of the larger financial institutions in the United States, and are all supported by our IAV flow. If your Customer is not banking with one of these institutions, they can search for their bank in the search bar.

### Non-preferred Flow

#### Non-preferred flow #1

There are a number of banks that aren’t found in the bank search with IAV. These banks are generally smaller financial institutions. When a bank isn’t returned in the bank search, the IAV flow will prompt the end-user to input the account and routing number of their bank. Once they click agree and continue, an attempt will be made to look up a bank with the provided information. If a bank is found, it is added as an `unverified` funding-source to the Customer and the user is returned to a screen to authenticate using their online banking credentials. Once the online banking credentials are submitted, Dwolla receives back information that enables the bank account to be verified.

Alternatively, if the user fails to correctly enter their online credentials, the IAV flow will fallback to `micro-deposit` verification after two failed attempts. However, you must make sure that your application has set the `fallbackToMicroDeposits` option to true within the `dwolla.js` library in order for a fallback selection screen to appear after two failed connection attempts. In addition, a selection screen will be shown to the user which prompts them to choose from either the traditional `micro-deposit` method of bank verification or to re-attempt the `IAV` flow choosing a different financial institution.

#### Non-preferred flow #2

In some cases, we don’t receive enough information back to verify the bank account. In such cases, we will fall back to name matching in order to determine if the bank should be verified.

**_Note:_** In a non-preferred flow, if the user enters their account and routing numbers to look up a bank and exits the flow without entering their online banking credentials for authentication, then we fail to make a connection to the bank account and the user is left with an `unverified` funding-source.

If you run into such cases, we have a few recommendations in order to handle the failure attempt and continue the bank verification process. Immediately after the IAV flow, check for the Customer’s list of funding-sources. The list is sorted by the created timestamp of the funding-sources, so the latest funding-source should be at the top of the list. If you find that there exists a newly added funding-source with an `unverified` status, you can do one of the following,

- Remove the `unverified` funding-source and prompt the user to attempt the `IAV` flow again
- Verify the funding-source using `Microdeposits`
