pages/guides/dwolla-js/instant-account-verification/create-token.mdx, before:

---
layout: guides
title: "Step 2: Create an IAV token"
guide:
  step: 2
meta:
  title: IAV - Create IAV Token | Dwolla API Documentation
  description: Create an Instant Account Verification token for use in initiating Dwolla.js, a powerful and secure bank account verification tool.
---

# Step 2: Create an IAV token

Before calling a function within dwolla.js to render the IAV flow, you need to generate an IAV token. Your server initiates a POST request to Dwolla, specifying for which Dwolla account or Dwolla API Customer you want to add a bank account. Dwolla will respond with a single-use IAV `token` that expires in an hour. This token will be sent to the client and used to authenticate the HTTP request asking Dwolla to add a new funding source.

```bash
POST https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/99bfb139-eadd-4cdf-b346-7504f0c16c60/iav-token
Content-Type: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY

HTTP/1.1 200 OK

{
 "_links": {
   "self": {
     "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/5b29279d-6359-4c87-a318-e09095532733/iav-token"
   }
 },
 "token": "4adF858jPeQ9RnojMHdqSD2KwsvmhO7Ti7cI5woOiBGCpH5krY"
}
```

```php
<?php
$customersApi = new DwollaSwagger\CustomersApi($apiClient);

$fsToken = $customersApi->getCustomerIavToken("https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/247B1BD8-F5A0-4B71-A898-F62F67B8AE1C");
$fsToken->token; # => "lr0Ax1zwIpeXXt8sJDiVXjPbwEeGO6QKFWBIaKvnFG0Sm2j7vL"
?>
```

```ruby
customer_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/247B1BD8-F5A0-4B71-A898-F62F67B8AE1C'

# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby (Recommended)
customer = app_token.post "#{customer_url}/iav-token"
customer.token # => "lr0Ax1zwIpeXXt8sJDiVXjPbwEeGO6QKFWBIaKvnFG0Sm2j7vL"
```

```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python (Recommended)
customer_url = 'https://api.dwolla.com/customers/247B1BD8-F5A0-4B71-A898-F62F67B8AE1C'

app_token.post('%s/iav-token' % customer_url)
```

```javascript
// Using dwolla-v2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-node
var customerUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/247B1BD8-F5A0-4B71-A898-F62F67B8AE1C";

appToken.post(`${customerUrl}/iav-token`).then((res) => res.body.token); // => 'lr0Ax1zwIpeXXt8sJDiVXjPbwEeGO6QKFWBIaKvnFG0Sm2j7vL'
```

Commit message:

DEV 268/286/308 (#133)
* Copy edit: CIP verification table changed to Yes/No

* Copy edit: Document verification timing for personal and UBO docs

* Copy edit: IAV token invalidating any unexpired tokens

Co-authored-by: Shreya Thapa <sthapa@dwolla.com>

pages/guides/dwolla-js/instant-account-verification/create-token.mdx, after:

---
layout: guides
title: "Step 2: Create an IAV token"
guide:
  step: 2
meta:
  title: IAV - Create IAV Token | Dwolla API Documentation
  description: Create an Instant Account Verification token for use in initiating Dwolla.js, a powerful and secure bank account verification tool.
---

# Step 2: Create an IAV token

Before calling a function within dwolla.js to render the IAV flow, you need to generate an IAV token. Your server initiates a POST request to Dwolla, specifying for which Dwolla account or Dwolla API Customer you want to add a bank account. Dwolla will respond with a single-use IAV `token` that expires in an hour. This token will be sent to the client and used to authenticate the HTTP request asking Dwolla to add a new funding source. **Note:** Creating a new IAV token for a Customer will invalidate any unexpired IAV tokens that were previously created.

```bash
POST https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/99bfb139-eadd-4cdf-b346-7504f0c16c60/iav-token
Content-Type: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY

HTTP/1.1 200 OK

{
 "_links": {
   "self": {
     "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/5b29279d-6359-4c87-a318-e09095532733/iav-token"
   }
 },
 "token": "4adF858jPeQ9RnojMHdqSD2KwsvmhO7Ti7cI5woOiBGCpH5krY"
}
```

```php
<?php
$customersApi = new DwollaSwagger\CustomersApi($apiClient);

$fsToken = $customersApi->getCustomerIavToken("https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/247B1BD8-F5A0-4B71-A898-F62F67B8AE1C");
$fsToken->token; # => "lr0Ax1zwIpeXXt8sJDiVXjPbwEeGO6QKFWBIaKvnFG0Sm2j7vL"
?>
```

```ruby
customer_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/247B1BD8-F5A0-4B71-A898-F62F67B8AE1C'

# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby (Recommended)
customer = app_token.post "#{customer_url}/iav-token"
customer.token # => "lr0Ax1zwIpeXXt8sJDiVXjPbwEeGO6QKFWBIaKvnFG0Sm2j7vL"
```

```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python (Recommended)
customer_url = 'https://api.dwolla.com/customers/247B1BD8-F5A0-4B71-A898-F62F67B8AE1C'

app_token.post('%s/iav-token' % customer_url)
```

```javascript
// Using dwolla-v2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-node
var customerUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/247B1BD8-F5A0-4B71-A898-F62F67B8AE1C";

appToken.post(`${customerUrl}/iav-token`).then((res) => res.body.token); // => 'lr0Ax1zwIpeXXt8sJDiVXjPbwEeGO6QKFWBIaKvnFG0Sm2j7vL'
```
