pages/guides/dwolla-js/instant-account-verification/index.mdx, before:

---
layout: guides
title: "Overview"
group:
  category: Funding Sources
  title: Add a Bank Using Dwolla.js + IAV
  description: Utilize Dwolla.js to add and verify an end user’s bank account via online banking credentials. Dwolla.js is a JavaScript library used to securely submit tokenized information directly to Dwolla.
guide:
  step: 0
  filter: get-building
  icon: add-verify-bank-iav.svg
meta:
  title: Instant Account Verification Using Dwolla.js | Dwolla API Documentation
  description: Using the client-side Dwolla.js JavaScript library, your application can add and verify a customer's bank account in a matter of seconds.
---

# Add a Bank Using Dwolla.js + IAV

For Dwolla API customers, `dwolla.js` has the added function of facilitating Instant Account Verification (IAV) on their customer's bank or credit union account. This resource guide will walk you through the process of generating an IAV token, and rendering the IAV flow to attach a verified bank funding-source to a Customer account. By calling a separate function `dwolla.iav.start()`, your application can render the IAV flow within a specified container. `dwolla.iav.start()` allows for customization through configurable options such as:

- `stylesheets` - a list of CSS stylesheets for styling the IAV flow
- `microDeposits` - presents a selection screen for the user to choose the micro-deposit method of bank verification throughout the IAV flow
- `fallbackToMicroDeposits` - presents a selection screen for the user to fallback to selecting the micro-deposit method of bank verification within the IAV flow
- `backButton` - displays a back button throughout the IAV flow
- `subscriber` - a function that can be used by an application to subscribe to state changes throughout the IAV flow

#### dwolla.iav.start()

| Parameter | Type     | Value                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| --------- | -------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| iav-token | string   | A single use IAV token [generated on your server](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/funding-sources/create-an-iav-token-for-dwolla-js).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| options   | object   | An object containing configurable options. Contains keys: `container`, `stylesheets`, `microDeposits`, `fallbackToMicroDeposits`, `backButton`, and `subscriber`. _See example below_. <br /> `container` represents a string value container element where IAV will render. <br /> `stylesheets` represents an array list of stylesheets to load IAV styles. <br /> `microDeposits` represents a boolean _true_ or _false_ value which determines if the micro-deposit method of bank verification is presented as an option throughout the IAV flow. <br /> `fallbackToMicroDeposits` represents a boolean _true_ or _false_ value which determines if a fallback selection screen appears for choosing an alternative bank verification method. <br /> `backButton` represents a boolean _true_ or _false_ value which determines if a back button is displayed throughout the IAV flow. <br /> `subscriber` is a function that can be used to subscribe to state changes throughout the IAV flow. This function will be called with an object containing a `currentPage` and an optional `error` attribute. |
| callback  | function | A callback function that handles the response from Dwolla.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

#### Example

```javascript
dwolla.iav.start(
  "8zN400zyPUobbdmeNfhTGH2Jh5JkFREJa9YBI8SLXp0ERXNTMT",
  {
    container: "iavContainer",
    stylesheets: [
      "https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Lato&subset=latin,latin-ext",
    ],
    microDeposits: false,
    fallbackToMicroDeposits: true,
    backButton: true,
    subscriber: ({ currentPage, error }) => {
      console.log("currentPage:", currentPage, "error:", JSON.stringify(error));
    },
  },
  function (err, res) {
    console.log(
      "Error: " + JSON.stringify(err) + " -- Response: " + JSON.stringify(res)
    );
  }
);
```

### Getting Started: Initial configuration

#### Include dwolla.js

Begin the client-side implementation by including dwolla.js in the HEAD of your HTML page. You can include either the development version(`<script src="https://cdn.dwolla.com/1/dwolla.js"></script>`) or the minified version (`<script src="https://cdn.dwolla.com/1/dwolla.min.js"></script>`) of dwolla.js.

```html
<head>
  <script src="https://cdn.dwolla.com/1/dwolla.js"></script>
</head>
```

Commit message:

DEV-1007: Add IAV deprecation message as warning alertbar

pages/guides/dwolla-js/instant-account-verification/index.mdx, after:

---
layout: guides
title: "Overview"
group:
  category: Funding Sources
  title: Add a Bank Using Dwolla.js + IAV
  description: Utilize Dwolla.js to add and verify an end user’s bank account via online banking credentials. Dwolla.js is a JavaScript library used to securely submit tokenized information directly to Dwolla.
guide:
  step: 0
  filter: get-building
  icon: add-verify-bank-iav.svg
meta:
  title: Instant Account Verification Using Dwolla.js | Dwolla API Documentation
  description: Using the client-side Dwolla.js JavaScript library, your application can add and verify a customer's bank account in a matter of seconds.
---

# Add a Bank Using Dwolla.js + IAV

<AlertBar variation="warning">
  Deprecation Announcement: At the end of 2022, Dwolla will sunset our Instant
  Account Verification (IAV) product, which is powered by Dwolla.js. As an
  alternative bank account verification option, we recommend utilizing one of
  our third-party data providers (e.g. Plaid) prior to December 31, 2022.
</AlertBar>

For Dwolla API customers, `dwolla.js` has the added function of facilitating Instant Account Verification (IAV) on their customer's bank or credit union account. This resource guide will walk you through the process of generating an IAV token, and rendering the IAV flow to attach a verified bank funding-source to a Customer account. By calling a separate function `dwolla.iav.start()`, your application can render the IAV flow within a specified container. `dwolla.iav.start()` allows for customization through configurable options such as:

- `stylesheets` - a list of CSS stylesheets for styling the IAV flow
- `microDeposits` - presents a selection screen for the user to choose the micro-deposit method of bank verification throughout the IAV flow
- `fallbackToMicroDeposits` - presents a selection screen for the user to fallback to selecting the micro-deposit method of bank verification within the IAV flow
- `backButton` - displays a back button throughout the IAV flow
- `subscriber` - a function that can be used by an application to subscribe to state changes throughout the IAV flow

#### dwolla.iav.start()

| Parameter | Type     | Value                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| --------- | -------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| iav-token | string   | A single use IAV token [generated on your server](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/funding-sources/create-an-iav-token-for-dwolla-js).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| options   | object   | An object containing configurable options. Contains keys: `container`, `stylesheets`, `microDeposits`, `fallbackToMicroDeposits`, `backButton`, and `subscriber`. _See example below_. <br /> `container` represents a string value container element where IAV will render. <br /> `stylesheets` represents an array list of stylesheets to load IAV styles. <br /> `microDeposits` represents a boolean _true_ or _false_ value which determines if the micro-deposit method of bank verification is presented as an option throughout the IAV flow. <br /> `fallbackToMicroDeposits` represents a boolean _true_ or _false_ value which determines if a fallback selection screen appears for choosing an alternative bank verification method. <br /> `backButton` represents a boolean _true_ or _false_ value which determines if a back button is displayed throughout the IAV flow. <br /> `subscriber` is a function that can be used to subscribe to state changes throughout the IAV flow. This function will be called with an object containing a `currentPage` and an optional `error` attribute. |
| callback  | function | A callback function that handles the response from Dwolla.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

#### Example

```javascript
dwolla.iav.start(
  "8zN400zyPUobbdmeNfhTGH2Jh5JkFREJa9YBI8SLXp0ERXNTMT",
  {
    container: "iavContainer",
    stylesheets: [
      "https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Lato&subset=latin,latin-ext",
    ],
    microDeposits: false,
    fallbackToMicroDeposits: true,
    backButton: true,
    subscriber: ({ currentPage, error }) => {
      console.log("currentPage:", currentPage, "error:", JSON.stringify(error));
    },
  },
  function (err, res) {
    console.log(
      "Error: " + JSON.stringify(err) + " -- Response: " + JSON.stringify(res)
    );
  }
);
```

### Getting Started: Initial configuration

#### Include dwolla.js

Begin the client-side implementation by including dwolla.js in the HEAD of your HTML page. You can include either the development version(`<script src="https://cdn.dwolla.com/1/dwolla.js"></script>`) or the minified version (`<script src="https://cdn.dwolla.com/1/dwolla.min.js"></script>`) of dwolla.js.

```html
<head>
  <script src="https://cdn.dwolla.com/1/dwolla.js"></script>
</head>
```
