pages/api-reference/drop-in-components/create-client-token.mdx, before:

---
layout: guides
title: "Create a client token"
guide:
  step: 1
meta:
  title: "Create Client Token | Dwolla API Documentation"
---

# Create a client token

The client token API request requires an `action` as well as a `link` which points to the Customer that identifies the end-user performing the action within the drop-in component. The `action` is a string that contains a granular permission for the Customer performing the action within a drop-in component. **Note:** This endpoint requires [application authorization](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/authorization/application-authorization).

### Client token actions

| Component                             | Component Name           | Possible Actions                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| ------------------------------------- | ------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Create a Receive-only User            | dwolla-customer-create   | customer.create                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| Create an Unverified Customer         | dwolla-customer-create   | customer.create                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| Upgrade an Unverified Customer        | dwolla-customer-update   | customer.update                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| Create a personal Verified Customer   | dwolla-personal-vcr      | customer.create                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| Create a business Verified Customer   | dwolla-business-vcr      | customer.create <br /> businessclassifications.read <br /> customer.read <br /> customer.update <br /> customer.documents.create                                                                                     |
| Create Beneficial Owners              | dwolla-beneficial-owners | beneficialowners.create <br /> beneficialownership.read <br /> customer.read <br /> beneficialownership.certify <br /> beneficialowners.update <br /> beneficialowner.documents.create <br /> beneficialowner.delete |
| Document upload for a Customer        | dwolla-document-upload   | customer.documents.create <br /> customer.read <br /> customer.documents.read                                                                                                                                        |
| Display a Verified Customer’s Balance | dwolla-balance-display   | customer.fundingsources.read                                                                                                                                                                                         |

#### HTTP request

> `POST https://api.dwolla.com/client-tokens`

#### Request parameters

| Parameter | Required | Type   | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| --------- | -------- | ------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| action    | yes      | object | A granular permission for the Customer performing an action within a drop-in component. [Reference the client token actions to learn more](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/drop-in-components/create-client-token#client-token-actions). |
| \_links   | yes      | object | A \_links JSON object that contains a link to the desired `customer` performing the action within the drop-in component.                                                                                                                             |

#### Request and response

```bash
POST https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/client-tokens
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Content-Type: application/json
Authorization: Bearer {{token}}
{
"action": "customer.update”,
  "_links": {
    “customer”: {
        “href”: “https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/{{customerId}}”
    }
  }
}

...

{
 "token": "4adF858jPeQ9RnojMHdqSD2KwsvmhO7Ti7cI5woOiBGCpH5krY"
}
```

```ruby
# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
request_body = {
  :_links => {
    :customer => {
      :href => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/707177c3-bf15-4e7e-b37c-55c3898d9bf4"
    }
  },
  :action => "customer.update"
}

client_token = app_token.post "client-tokens", request_body
client_token.token # => "4adF858jPeQ9RnojMHdqSD2KwsvmhO7Ti7cI5woOiBGCpH5krY"
```

```php
<?php
// Using dwollaswagger - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-swagger-php
$request_body = array (
  '_links' =>
  array (
    'customer' =>
    array (
      'href' => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/8779a1f7-7a98-4a86-921e-83539f6c895e',
    ),
  ),
  'action' => 'customer.update'
);
$clientTokensApi = new DwollaSwagger\TokensApi($apiClient);
$clientToken = $clientTokensApi->clientTokens($request_body);
?>
```

```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
request_body = {
  '_links': {
    'customer': {
      'href': 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/707177c3-bf15-4e7e-b37c-55c3898d9bf4'
    }
  },
  'action': 'customer.update'
}

client_token = app_token.post('client-tokens', request_body)
client_token.body['token'] # => '4adF858jPeQ9RnojMHdqSD2KwsvmhO7Ti7cI5woOiBGCpH5krY'
```

```javascript
// Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-node
var requestBody = {
  _links: {
    customer: {
      href:
        "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/707177c3-bf15-4e7e-b37c-55c3898d9bf4",
    },
  },
  action: "customer.update",
};

dwolla.post("/client-tokens", requestBody).then((res) => res.body.token); // => '4adF858jPeQ9RnojMHdqSD2KwsvmhO7Ti7cI5woOiBGCpH5krY'
```

Commit message:

Site Audit of developers.dwolla.com (#271)
* Fix duplicate meta descriptions

* Fix duplicate title tags

* Add missing description tags

* Add lang and hreflang attributes to next.config

* Fix node.js.yml CI (#273)

* yml

* update yml

Co-authored-by: Kelly Moreira <kmoreira@kmoreiramac.lan>

* Update same-day processing times (#277)

Co-authored-by: Kelly Moreira <kmoreira@kmoreiramac.corp.dwolla.com>

* DEV-799: Funds Flow Selector Logic and Transfer Workflow component styles (#278)

* Lang update

Co-authored-by: Kelly Moreira <kmoreira@kmoreiramac.lan>
Co-authored-by: Kelly Moreira <kmoreira@kmoreiramac.corp.dwolla.com>
Co-authored-by: Shreya <44006085+ShreyaThapa@users.noreply.github.com>

pages/api-reference/drop-in-components/create-client-token.mdx, after:

---
layout: guides
title: "Create a client token"
guide:
  step: 1
meta:
  title: "Create Client Token | Dwolla API Documentation"
  description: Create a client token with certain actions for Dwolla Drop-in components.
---

# Create a client token

The client token API request requires an `action` as well as a `link` which points to the Customer that identifies the end-user performing the action within the drop-in component. The `action` is a string that contains a granular permission for the Customer performing the action within a drop-in component. **Note:** This endpoint requires [application authorization](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/authorization/application-authorization).

### Client token actions

| Component                             | Component Name           | Possible Actions                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| ------------------------------------- | ------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Create a Receive-only User            | dwolla-customer-create   | customer.create                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| Create an Unverified Customer         | dwolla-customer-create   | customer.create                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| Upgrade an Unverified Customer        | dwolla-customer-update   | customer.update                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| Create a personal Verified Customer   | dwolla-personal-vcr      | customer.create                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| Create a business Verified Customer   | dwolla-business-vcr      | customer.create <br /> businessclassifications.read <br /> customer.read <br /> customer.update <br /> customer.documents.create                                                                                     |
| Create Beneficial Owners              | dwolla-beneficial-owners | beneficialowners.create <br /> beneficialownership.read <br /> customer.read <br /> beneficialownership.certify <br /> beneficialowners.update <br /> beneficialowner.documents.create <br /> beneficialowner.delete |
| Document upload for a Customer        | dwolla-document-upload   | customer.documents.create <br /> customer.read <br /> customer.documents.read                                                                                                                                        |
| Display a Verified Customer’s Balance | dwolla-balance-display   | customer.fundingsources.read                                                                                                                                                                                         |

#### HTTP request

> `POST https://api.dwolla.com/client-tokens`

#### Request parameters

| Parameter | Required | Type   | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| --------- | -------- | ------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| action    | yes      | object | A granular permission for the Customer performing an action within a drop-in component. [Reference the client token actions to learn more](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/drop-in-components/create-client-token#client-token-actions). |
| \_links   | yes      | object | A \_links JSON object that contains a link to the desired `customer` performing the action within the drop-in component.                                                                                                                             |

#### Request and response

```bash
POST https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/client-tokens
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Content-Type: application/json
Authorization: Bearer {{token}}
{
"action": "customer.update”,
  "_links": {
    “customer”: {
        “href”: “https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/{{customerId}}”
    }
  }
}

...

{
 "token": "4adF858jPeQ9RnojMHdqSD2KwsvmhO7Ti7cI5woOiBGCpH5krY"
}
```

```ruby
# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
request_body = {
  :_links => {
    :customer => {
      :href => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/707177c3-bf15-4e7e-b37c-55c3898d9bf4"
    }
  },
  :action => "customer.update"
}

client_token = app_token.post "client-tokens", request_body
client_token.token # => "4adF858jPeQ9RnojMHdqSD2KwsvmhO7Ti7cI5woOiBGCpH5krY"
```

```php
<?php
// Using dwollaswagger - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-swagger-php
$request_body = array (
  '_links' =>
  array (
    'customer' =>
    array (
      'href' => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/8779a1f7-7a98-4a86-921e-83539f6c895e',
    ),
  ),
  'action' => 'customer.update'
);
$clientTokensApi = new DwollaSwagger\TokensApi($apiClient);
$clientToken = $clientTokensApi->clientTokens($request_body);
?>
```

```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
request_body = {
  '_links': {
    'customer': {
      'href': 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/707177c3-bf15-4e7e-b37c-55c3898d9bf4'
    }
  },
  'action': 'customer.update'
}

client_token = app_token.post('client-tokens', request_body)
client_token.body['token'] # => '4adF858jPeQ9RnojMHdqSD2KwsvmhO7Ti7cI5woOiBGCpH5krY'
```

```javascript
// Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-node
var requestBody = {
  _links: {
    customer: {
      href:
        "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/707177c3-bf15-4e7e-b37c-55c3898d9bf4",
    },
  },
  action: "customer.update",
};

dwolla.post("/client-tokens", requestBody).then((res) => res.body.token); // => '4adF858jPeQ9RnojMHdqSD2KwsvmhO7Ti7cI5woOiBGCpH5krY'
```
