pages/api-reference/funding-sources/create-a-funding-sources-token-for-dwolla-js.mdx, before:

---
layout: guides
title: "Create a funding sources token for dwolla.js"
guide:
  step: 2
meta:
  title: "Create a Funding Source Token for dwolla.js | Dwolla API Documentation"
---

# Create a funding sources token for dwolla.js

Dwolla.js is a client-side library that allows you to `add` a funding source for your Customer without having any sensitive data hit your server. This section details how to create a token that will be sent to the client and used to authenticate the HTTP request asking Dwolla to `add` a new funding source.

Refer to our [Dwolla.js developer guide](https://developers.dwolla.com/guides/dwolla-js/add-a-bank-account) to learn more on how to utilize this single-use funding-sources-token to `add` funding source for a Customer.

### HTTP Request

> `POST https://api.dwolla.com/customers/{id}/funding-sources-token`

### Request parameters

| Parameter | Required | Type   | Description                 |
| --------- | -------- | ------ | --------------------------- |
| id        | yes      | string | Customer unique identifier. |

### HTTP status and error codes

| HTTP Status | Message             |
| ----------- | ------------------- |
| 404         | Customer not found. |

### Request and response

```bash
POST https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/99bfb139-eadd-4cdf-b346-7504f0c16c60/funding-sources-token
Content-Type: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY

HTTP/1.1 200 OK

{
 "_links": {
   "self": {
     "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/5b29279d-6359-4c87-a318-e09095532733/funding-sources-token"
   }
 },
 "token": "4adF858jPeQ9RnojMHdqSD2KwsvmhO7Ti7cI5woOiBGCpH5krY"
}
```

```ruby
# Using dwolla_v2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
customer_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/06b51d56-7a6c-4535-a0cc-2c0106f56ba6'

fs_token = app_token.post "#{customer_url}/funding-sources-token"
fs_token.token # => "lr0Ax1zwIpeXXt8sJDiVXjPbwEeGO6QKFWBIaKvnFG0Sm2j7vL"
```

```javascript
// Using dwolla-v2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-node
var customerUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/06b51d56-7a6c-4535-a0cc-2c0106f56ba6";

dwolla
  .post(`${customerUrl}/funding-sources-token`)
  .then((res) => res.body.token); // => 'lr0Ax1zwIpeXXt8sJDiVXjPbwEeGO6QKFWBIaKvnFG0Sm2j7vL'
```

```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
customer_url = 'http://api.dwolla.com/customers/06b51d56-7a6c-4535-a0cc-2c0106f56ba6'

app_token.post('%s/funding-sources-token' % customer_url)
```

```php
<?php
// Using dwollaswagger - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-swagger-php
$customersApi = new DwollaSwagger\CustomersApi($apiClient);

$fsToken = $customersApi->createFundingSourcesTokenForCustomer("https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/06b51d56-7a6c-4535-a0cc-2c0106f56ba6");
$fsToken->token; # => "lr0Ax1zwIpeXXt8sJDiVXjPbwEeGO6QKFWBIaKvnFG0Sm2j7vL"
?>
```

Commit message:

DEV-1409: Add sunset notice for dwolla.js to changelog and related docs

pages/api-reference/funding-sources/create-a-funding-sources-token-for-dwolla-js.mdx, after:

---
layout: guides
title: "Create a funding sources token for dwolla.js"
guide:
  step: 2
meta:
  title: "Create a Funding Source Token for dwolla.js | Dwolla API Documentation"
---

# Create a funding sources token for dwolla.js

Dwolla.js is a client-side library that allows you to `add` a funding source for your Customer without having any sensitive data hit your server. This section details how to create a token that will be sent to the client and used to authenticate the HTTP request asking Dwolla to `add` a new funding source.

Refer to our [Dwolla.js developer guide](https://developers.dwolla.com/guides/dwolla-js/add-a-bank-account) to learn more on how to utilize this single-use funding-sources-token to `add` funding source for a Customer.

<AlertBar variation="announcement">
  Deprecation Announcement: Dwolla will be discontinuing support for dwolla.js on August 31, 2023. This library is no longer being actively developed, and we recommend using the <a href="/concepts/drop-in-components">Drop-in Components library</a> instead. The Drop-in Components library offers an enhanced developer experience and includes functionality that was previously only available in dwolla.js.

For more information, please see the official <a href="https://discuss.dwolla.com/t/may-2023-updates-retiring-dwolla-s-client-side-javascript-library-dwolla-js/8969">announcement</a> and <a href="https://discuss.dwolla.com/t/migration-guide-dwolla-js-to-dwolla-web-js/8968">migration guide</a>.

</AlertBar>

### HTTP Request

> `POST https://api.dwolla.com/customers/{id}/funding-sources-token`

### Request parameters

| Parameter | Required | Type   | Description                 |
| --------- | -------- | ------ | --------------------------- |
| id        | yes      | string | Customer unique identifier. |

### HTTP status and error codes

| HTTP Status | Message             |
| ----------- | ------------------- |
| 404         | Customer not found. |

### Request and response

```bash
POST https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/99bfb139-eadd-4cdf-b346-7504f0c16c60/funding-sources-token
Content-Type: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY

HTTP/1.1 200 OK

{
 "_links": {
   "self": {
     "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/5b29279d-6359-4c87-a318-e09095532733/funding-sources-token"
   }
 },
 "token": "4adF858jPeQ9RnojMHdqSD2KwsvmhO7Ti7cI5woOiBGCpH5krY"
}
```

```ruby
# Using dwolla_v2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
customer_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/06b51d56-7a6c-4535-a0cc-2c0106f56ba6'

fs_token = app_token.post "#{customer_url}/funding-sources-token"
fs_token.token # => "lr0Ax1zwIpeXXt8sJDiVXjPbwEeGO6QKFWBIaKvnFG0Sm2j7vL"
```

```javascript
// Using dwolla-v2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-node
var customerUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/06b51d56-7a6c-4535-a0cc-2c0106f56ba6";

dwolla
  .post(`${customerUrl}/funding-sources-token`)
  .then((res) => res.body.token); // => 'lr0Ax1zwIpeXXt8sJDiVXjPbwEeGO6QKFWBIaKvnFG0Sm2j7vL'
```

```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
customer_url = 'http://api.dwolla.com/customers/06b51d56-7a6c-4535-a0cc-2c0106f56ba6'

app_token.post('%s/funding-sources-token' % customer_url)
```

```php
<?php
// Using dwollaswagger - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-swagger-php
$customersApi = new DwollaSwagger\CustomersApi($apiClient);

$fsToken = $customersApi->createFundingSourcesTokenForCustomer("https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/06b51d56-7a6c-4535-a0cc-2c0106f56ba6");
$fsToken->token; # => "lr0Ax1zwIpeXXt8sJDiVXjPbwEeGO6QKFWBIaKvnFG0Sm2j7vL"
?>
```
