pages/api-reference/funding-sources/create-an-iav-token-for-dwolla-js.mdx, before:

---
layout: guides
title: "Create an IAV token for dwolla.js"
guide:
  step: 3
meta:
  title: "Create an IAV Token for dwolla.js | Dwolla API Documentation"
---

# Create an IAV token for dwolla.js

Dwolla.js is a client-side library that allows you to `add and verify` a funding source for your Customer without having any sensitive data hit your server. This section details how to create a token that will be sent to the client and used to authenticate the HTTP request asking Dwolla to `add and verify` a new funding source.

Refer to our [Dwolla.js developer guide](https://developers.dwolla.com/guides/dwolla-js/instant-account-verification) to learn more on how to utilize this single-use iav-token to `add and verify` a funding source for a Customer.

### HTTP Request

> `POST https://api.dwolla.com/customers/{id}/iav-token`

### Request parameters

| Parameter | Required | Type   | Description                 |
| --------- | -------- | ------ | --------------------------- |
| id        | yes      | string | Customer unique identifier. |

### HTTP status and error codes

| HTTP Status | Message             |
| ----------- | ------------------- |
| 404         | Customer not found. |

### Request and response

```bash
POST https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/99bfb139-eadd-4cdf-b346-7504f0c16c60/iav-token
Content-Type: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY

HTTP/1.1 200 OK

{
 "_links": {
   "self": {
     "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/5b29279d-6359-4c87-a318-e09095532733/iav-token"
   }
 },
 "token": "4adF858jPeQ9RnojMHdqSD2KwsvmhO7Ti7cI5woOiBGCpH5krY"
}
```

```ruby
# Using dwolla_v2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
customer_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/06b51d56-7a6c-4535-a0cc-2c0106f56ba6'

customer = app_token.post "#{customer_url}/iav-token"
customer.token # => "lr0Ax1zwIpeXXt8sJDiVXjPbwEeGO6QKFWBIaKvnFG0Sm2j7vL"
```

```javascript
// Using dwolla-v2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-node
var customerUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/06b51d56-7a6c-4535-a0cc-2c0106f56ba6";

dwolla.post(`${customerUrl}/iav-token`).then((res) => res.body.token); // => 'lr0Ax1zwIpeXXt8sJDiVXjPbwEeGO6QKFWBIaKvnFG0Sm2j7vL'
```

```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
customer_url = 'http://api.dwolla.com/customers/06b51d56-7a6c-4535-a0cc-2c0106f56ba6'

app_token.post('%s/iav-token' % customer_url)
```

```php
<?php
// Using dwollaswagger - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-swagger-php
$customersApi = new DwollaSwagger\CustomersApi($apiClient);

$iavToken = $customersApi->getCustomerIavToken("https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/06b51d56-7a6c-4535-a0cc-2c0106f56ba6");
$iavToken->token; # => "lr0Ax1zwIpeXXt8sJDiVXjPbwEeGO6QKFWBIaKvnFG0Sm2j7vL"
?>
```

Commit message:

DEV-1007: Add IAV deprecation message as warning alertbar

pages/api-reference/funding-sources/create-an-iav-token-for-dwolla-js.mdx, after:

---
layout: guides
title: "Create an IAV token for dwolla.js"
guide:
  step: 3
meta:
  title: "Create an IAV Token for dwolla.js | Dwolla API Documentation"
---

# Create an IAV token for dwolla.js

<AlertBar variation="warning">
  Deprecation Announcement: At the end of 2022, Dwolla will sunset our Instant
  Account Verification (IAV) product, which is powered by Dwolla.js. As an
  alternative bank account verification option, we recommend utilizing one of
  our third-party data providers (e.g. Plaid) prior to December 31, 2022.
</AlertBar>

Dwolla.js is a client-side library that allows you to `add and verify` a funding source for your Customer without having any sensitive data hit your server. This section details how to create a token that will be sent to the client and used to authenticate the HTTP request asking Dwolla to `add and verify` a new funding source.

Refer to our [Dwolla.js developer guide](https://developers.dwolla.com/guides/dwolla-js/instant-account-verification) to learn more on how to utilize this single-use iav-token to `add and verify` a funding source for a Customer.

### HTTP Request

> `POST https://api.dwolla.com/customers/{id}/iav-token`

### Request parameters

| Parameter | Required | Type   | Description                 |
| --------- | -------- | ------ | --------------------------- |
| id        | yes      | string | Customer unique identifier. |

### HTTP status and error codes

| HTTP Status | Message             |
| ----------- | ------------------- |
| 404         | Customer not found. |

### Request and response

```bash
POST https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/99bfb139-eadd-4cdf-b346-7504f0c16c60/iav-token
Content-Type: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY

HTTP/1.1 200 OK

{
 "_links": {
   "self": {
     "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/5b29279d-6359-4c87-a318-e09095532733/iav-token"
   }
 },
 "token": "4adF858jPeQ9RnojMHdqSD2KwsvmhO7Ti7cI5woOiBGCpH5krY"
}
```

```ruby
# Using dwolla_v2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
customer_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/06b51d56-7a6c-4535-a0cc-2c0106f56ba6'

customer = app_token.post "#{customer_url}/iav-token"
customer.token # => "lr0Ax1zwIpeXXt8sJDiVXjPbwEeGO6QKFWBIaKvnFG0Sm2j7vL"
```

```javascript
// Using dwolla-v2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-node
var customerUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/06b51d56-7a6c-4535-a0cc-2c0106f56ba6";

dwolla.post(`${customerUrl}/iav-token`).then((res) => res.body.token); // => 'lr0Ax1zwIpeXXt8sJDiVXjPbwEeGO6QKFWBIaKvnFG0Sm2j7vL'
```

```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
customer_url = 'http://api.dwolla.com/customers/06b51d56-7a6c-4535-a0cc-2c0106f56ba6'

app_token.post('%s/iav-token' % customer_url)
```

```php
<?php
// Using dwollaswagger - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-swagger-php
$customersApi = new DwollaSwagger\CustomersApi($apiClient);

$iavToken = $customersApi->getCustomerIavToken("https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/06b51d56-7a6c-4535-a0cc-2c0106f56ba6");
$iavToken->token; # => "lr0Ax1zwIpeXXt8sJDiVXjPbwEeGO6QKFWBIaKvnFG0Sm2j7vL"
?>
```
