pages/api-reference/funding-sources/index.mdx, before:

---
layout: guides
title: "Overview"
group:
  title: Funding Sources
  weight: 10
guide:
  step: 0
meta:
  title: API Reference | Funding Sources
  description: "Create, update, remove or retrieve a funding source with the API. Use Instant Account Verification (IAV) or micro deposits to verify the funding source."
---

# Funding Sources

The Funding Sources resource represents payment accounts that can be used to send and/or receive funds. Funding sources are relational to either a [Dwolla Master Account](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/accounts/create-a-funding-source) or [Customer](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/funding-sources/create-funding-source-for-customer) and can be used to reference details on a payment account.

### Funding source types

The three funding source types available with a Dwolla integration include a `bank`, the Dwolla `balance`, and a debit `card`. Type `bank` represents any bank account attached as a funding source to Account and Customer resources. Type `balance` represents the Dwolla Balance made available to Account and Verified Customer resources. Type `card` represents a reloadable prepaid or bank-issued debit card that can be used as a funding source type to receive funds in near real-time.

##### Balance funding source

The [Dwolla Balance](https://developers.dwolla.com/concepts/balance-funding-source) can be utilized as a digital "wallet", storing USD funds for the Customer or Account with Dwolla’s financial institution partners. Additionally, the Dwolla Balance can be pre-loaded with funds for quicker outgoing ACH transfers to destination funding sources. To get a more in-depth overview of the Dwolla Balance, including functionality and other benefits, check out our [developer resource article](https://developers.dwolla.com/concepts/balance-funding-source) or view our [webinar](https://www.dwolla.com/resources/balance-webinar/).

##### Bank funding source

Funding sources of type `bank` include an additional attribute, `bankAccountType`, denoting the type of the bank account being attached. The bank account types currently supported by Dwolla include `checking`, `savings`, `general-ledger` and `loan`.

- `checking`, `savings` - Checking and savings accounts can be attached to any Customer type. These account types are enabled for all Accounts and Customers, by default.

- `general-ledger` - General ledger accounts can only be attached to exempt Business Verified Customers. **Note**: Enabling this account type requires additional Dwolla approvals before getting started. Please contact [Sales](https://www.dwolla.com/contact?b=apidocs) or your account manager for more information on enabling this account type.

- `loan` - Loan accounts can only be attached to Verified Customers. These funding-sources can only be credited, meaning funds can only be sent to these accounts. **Note**: Enabling this account type requires additional Dwolla approvals before getting started. Please contact [Sales](https://www.dwolla.com/contact?b=apidocs) or your account manager for more information on enabling this account type.

##### Card funding source

Adding a debit `card` as a funding source type allows your [Customers](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/customers) to receive funds typically within 30 minutes rather than hours or days. By sending funds from your Master Dwolla Balance funding source, you can directly “push” these funds out in near real-time to a customer’s reloadable prepaid card or bank-issued debit card. To get a more in-depth overview of debit `cards`, including functionality and other benefits, check out our [developer resource article](https://developers.dwolla.com/concepts/debit-cards).

### Funding source links

| Link                               | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| ---------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| self                               | URL of the funding source resource.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| customer                           | GET this link to [retrieve details](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/customers/retrieve) of the Customer.                                                                                                                                                                |
| remove                             | POST to this link to [remove the funding source](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/funding-sources/remove) from the Customer.                                                                                                                                             |
| balance                            | (Verified Customer only) GET this link to [retrieve the amount available in the balance](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/funding-sources/retrieve-funding-source-balance) of the Customer's Balance funding source.                                                     |
| transfer-from-balance              | (Verified Customer only) if this link exists, the Customer can transfer funds from their balance.                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| transfer-to-balance                | (Verified Customer only) if this link exists, funds can be transferred to the Customer's balance.                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| transfer-send                      | If this link exists, the Customer can send funds to another Customer.                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| transfer-receive                   | The Customer can receive funds from another Customer.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| initiate-micro-deposits            | POST to this link to [initiate micro-deposits](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/funding-sources/initiate-micro-deposits) on an unverified funding source.                                                                                                                |
| verify-micro-deposits              | Micro-deposits have completed to this funding source and are eligible for verification. POST to this link with the [verify micro-deposit amounts](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/funding-sources/verify-micro-deposits) and complete bank funding source verification. |
| failed-verification-micro-deposits | Micro-deposits attempts have failed due to too many failed attempts. [Remove the bank and re-add to attempt verification again.](https://developers.dwolla.com/guides/micro-deposit-verification)                                                                                   |

### Funding source resource

| Parameter         | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| ----------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| id                | The funding source unique identifier.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| status            | Possible values are `unverified` or `verified`. Determines if the funding source has completed verification.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| type              | Type of funding source. Possible values are `bank`, `balance`, or `card`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| bankAccountType   | An attribute for `bank` funding sources that determines the type of account. Possible values are `checking`, `savings`, `general-ledger` or `loan`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| name              | Arbitrary nickname for the funding source.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| created           | ISO-8601 timestamp for when the funding source was created.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| balance           | An optional object that includes `value` and `currency` parameters. `value` is a string value for the amount available and `currency` is a string value currency code. Only returned for a Dwolla API Customer account balance.                                                                                                                                                                     |
| removed           | Determines if the funding source has been [removed](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/funding-sources/remove). A boolean `true` if the funding source was removed or `false` if the funding source is not removed.                                                                                                                                                                        |
| channels          | List of processing channels. ACH is the default processing channel for bank transfers. Possible values are `ach`, `real-time-payments` or `wire`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| bankName          | The financial institution name.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| iavAccountHolders | An optional object that includes optional `selected` and `other` parameters. `selected`, a string with the account holder name(s) on file with the financial institution for the IAV selected account. `other`, a list of strings with name(s) of other accounts on file. Only returned for a Customer that added a bank using Dwolla IAV, and if names are returned for the selected bank account. |
| fingerprint       | Fingerprint is an optional unique identifying string value returned for funding sources of type `bank`. This attribute can be used to check across all Dwolla API Customers if two bank accounts share the same account number and routing number. Removing a funding source does not remove the `fingerprint`.                                                                                     |
| cardDetails       | A card details JSON object. Included if the funding-source is of type `card`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

#### cardDetails JSON object

| Parameter       | Description                       |
| --------------- | --------------------------------- |
| brand           | The brand of the card.            |
| lastFour        | The last four digit of the card.  |
| expirationMonth | The expiration month of the card. |
| expirationYear  | The expiration year of the card.  |
| nameOnCard      | The name of the cardholder.       |

#### cardDetails example

```bash
"cardDetails": {
  "brand": "VISA",
  "lastFour": "1111",
  "expirationMonth": 12,
  "expirationYear": 2024,
  "nameOnCard": "Jane Doe"
}
```

#### Funding source resource example

```bash
{
    "_links": {
        "self": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/fc84223a-609f-42c9-866e-2c98f17ab4fb",
            "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
            "resource-type": "funding-source"
        },
        "customer": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/241ec287-8d7a-4b69-911e-ffbea98d75ce",
            "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
            "resource-type": "customer"
        }
    },
    "id": "fc84223a-609f-42c9-866e-2c98f17ab4fb",
    "status": "verified",
    "type": "bank",
    "bankAccountType": "checking",
    "name": "Your Account #1 - CHECKING",
    "created": "2017-08-16T20:06:34.000Z",
    "removed": false,
    "channels": [
        "ach",
        "real-time-payments"
    ],
    "bankName": "SANDBOX TEST BANK",
    "iavAccountHolders": {
        "selected": "account holder",
        "other": [
          "Jane Doe",
          "GeneriCompany LLC"
        ]
    },
    "fingerprint": "4cf31392f678cb26c62b75096e1a09d4465a801798b3d5c3729de44a4f54c794"
}
```

Commit message:

Edits from dev-462 branch (#260)
* Edits from dev-462 branch

* DEV-774: Break out variations of methods in subsections (#296)

* Correct typo

* Correct typo #2

* VANs revisions

* minor edits to vans api ref docs

Co-authored-by: Kelly Moreira <kmoreira@kmoreiramac.corp.dwolla.com>
Co-authored-by: Shreya <44006085+ShreyaThapa@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Spencer Hunter <spencer@dwolla.com>

pages/api-reference/funding-sources/index.mdx, after:

---
layout: guides
title: "Overview"
group:
  title: Funding Sources
  weight: 10
guide:
  step: 0
meta:
  title: API Reference | Funding Sources
  description: "Create, update, remove or retrieve a funding source with the API. Use Instant Account Verification (IAV) or micro deposits to verify the funding source."
---

# Funding Sources

The Funding Sources resource represents payment accounts that can be used to send and/or receive funds. Funding sources are relational to either a [Dwolla Master Account](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/accounts/create-a-funding-source) or [Customer](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/funding-sources/create-funding-source-for-customer) and can be used to reference details on a payment account.

### Funding source types

The four funding source types available with a Dwolla integration include a `bank`, the Dwolla `balance`, a `virtual` account number, and a debit `card`. Type `bank` represents any bank account attached as a funding source to Account and Customer resources. Type `balance` represents the Dwolla Balance made available to Account and Verified Customer resources. Type `virtual` represents a Virtual Account Number (VAN) funding source which can be used outside of the Dwolla Platform to route ACH payments both to and from a Dwolla Balance. Type `card` represents a reloadable prepaid or bank-issued debit card that can be used as a funding source type to receive funds in near real-time.

##### Bank funding source

Funding sources of type `bank` include an additional attribute, `bankAccountType`, denoting the type of the bank account being attached. The bank account types currently supported by Dwolla include `checking`, `savings`, `general-ledger` and `loan`.

- `checking`, `savings` - Checking and savings accounts can be attached to any Customer type. These account types are enabled for all Accounts and Customers, by default.

- `general-ledger` - General ledger accounts can only be attached to exempt Business Verified Customers. **Note**: Enabling this account type requires additional Dwolla approvals before getting started. Please contact [Sales](https://www.dwolla.com/contact?b=apidocs) or your account manager for more information on enabling this account type.

- `loan` - Loan accounts can only be attached to Verified Customers. These funding-sources can only be credited, meaning funds can only be sent to these accounts. **Note**: Enabling this account type requires additional Dwolla approvals before getting started. Please contact [Sales](https://www.dwolla.com/contact?b=apidocs) or your account manager for more information on enabling this account type.

##### Balance funding source

The [Dwolla Balance](https://developers.dwolla.com/concepts/balance-funding-source) can be utilized as a digital "wallet", storing USD funds for the Customer or Account with Dwolla’s financial institution partners. Additionally, the Dwolla Balance can be pre-loaded with funds for quicker outgoing ACH transfers to destination funding sources. To get a more in-depth overview of the Dwolla Balance, including functionality and other benefits, check out our [developer resource article](https://developers.dwolla.com/concepts/balance-funding-source) or view our [webinar](https://www.dwolla.com/resources/balance-webinar/).

##### Virtual account funding source

The Virtual Account Number, or `VAN`, is a funding source that upon creation contains both an account number and routing number which can be utilized outside of the Dwolla Platform to route ACH payments both to and from a Dwolla Balance. VANs cannot be used as a source or destination in `POST` requests to the `/transfers` endpoint as they can only be associated with activity that originates from outside of the Dwolla Platform. Because a `VAN` behaves as a route to a Dwolla balance, only Master Dwolla Accounts and [Verified Customers](https://developers.dwolla.com/concepts/customer-types#customer-types) are eligible to create a `VAN` funding source.

##### Card funding source

Adding a debit `card` as a funding source type allows your [Customers](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/customers) to receive funds typically within 30 minutes rather than hours or days. By sending funds from your Master Dwolla Balance funding source, you can directly “push” these funds out in near real-time to a customer’s reloadable prepaid card or bank-issued debit card. To get a more in-depth overview of debit `cards`, including functionality and other benefits, check out our [developer resource article](https://developers.dwolla.com/concepts/debit-cards).

### Funding source links

| Link                               | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| ---------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| self                               | URL of the funding source resource.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| customer                           | GET this link to [retrieve details](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/customers/retrieve) of the Customer.                                                                                                                                                                |
| remove                             | POST to this link to [remove the funding source](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/funding-sources/remove) from the Customer.                                                                                                                                             |
| balance                            | (Verified Customer only) GET this link to [retrieve the amount available in the balance](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/funding-sources/retrieve-funding-source-balance) of the Customer's Balance funding source.                                                     |
| transfer-from-balance              | (Verified Customer only) if this link exists, the Customer can transfer funds from their balance.                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| transfer-to-balance                | (Verified Customer only) if this link exists, funds can be transferred to the Customer's balance.                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| transfer-send                      | If this link exists, the Customer can send funds to another Customer.                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| transfer-receive                   | The Customer can receive funds from another Customer.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| initiate-micro-deposits            | POST to this link to [initiate micro-deposits](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/funding-sources/initiate-micro-deposits) on an unverified funding source.                                                                                                                |
| verify-micro-deposits              | Micro-deposits have completed to this funding source and are eligible for verification. POST to this link with the [verify micro-deposit amounts](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/funding-sources/verify-micro-deposits) and complete bank funding source verification. |
| failed-verification-micro-deposits | Micro-deposits attempts have failed due to too many failed attempts. [Remove the bank and re-add to attempt verification again.](https://developers.dwolla.com/guides/micro-deposit-verification)                                                                                   |

### Funding source resource

| Parameter         | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| ----------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| id                | The funding source unique identifier.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| status            | Possible values are `unverified` or `verified`. Determines if the funding source has completed verification.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| type              | Type of funding source. Possible values are `bank`, `balance`, `virtual` or `card`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| bankAccountType   | An attribute for `bank` funding sources that determines the type of account. Possible values are `checking`, `savings`, `general-ledger` or `loan`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| name              | Arbitrary nickname for the funding source.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| created           | ISO-8601 timestamp for when the funding source was created.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| balance           | An optional object that includes `value` and `currency` parameters. `value` is a string value for the amount available and `currency` is a string value currency code. Only returned for a Dwolla API Customer account balance.                                                                                                                                                                     |
| removed           | Determines if the funding source has been [removed](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/funding-sources/remove). A boolean `true` if the funding source was removed or `false` if the funding source is not removed.                                                                                                                                                                        |
| channels          | List of processing channels. ACH is the default processing channel for bank transfers. Possible values are `ach`, `real-time-payments` or `wire`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| bankName          | The financial institution name.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| iavAccountHolders | An optional object that includes optional `selected` and `other` parameters. `selected`, a string with the account holder name(s) on file with the financial institution for the IAV selected account. `other`, a list of strings with name(s) of other accounts on file. Only returned for a Customer that added a bank using Dwolla IAV, and if names are returned for the selected bank account. |
| fingerprint       | Fingerprint is an optional unique identifying string value returned for funding sources of type `bank`. This attribute can be used to check across all Dwolla API Customers if two bank accounts share the same account number and routing number. Removing a funding source does not remove the `fingerprint`.                                                                                     |
| cardDetails       | A card details JSON object. Included if the funding-source is of type `card`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

#### cardDetails JSON object

| Parameter       | Description                       |
| --------------- | --------------------------------- |
| brand           | The brand of the card.            |
| lastFour        | The last four digit of the card.  |
| expirationMonth | The expiration month of the card. |
| expirationYear  | The expiration year of the card.  |
| nameOnCard      | The name of the cardholder.       |

#### cardDetails example

```bash
"cardDetails": {
  "brand": "VISA",
  "lastFour": "1111",
  "expirationMonth": 12,
  "expirationYear": 2024,
  "nameOnCard": "Jane Doe"
}
```

#### Funding source resource example

```bash
{
    "_links": {
        "self": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/fc84223a-609f-42c9-866e-2c98f17ab4fb",
            "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
            "resource-type": "funding-source"
        },
        "customer": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/241ec287-8d7a-4b69-911e-ffbea98d75ce",
            "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
            "resource-type": "customer"
        }
    },
    "id": "fc84223a-609f-42c9-866e-2c98f17ab4fb",
    "status": "verified",
    "type": "bank",
    "bankAccountType": "checking",
    "name": "Your Account #1 - CHECKING",
    "created": "2017-08-16T20:06:34.000Z",
    "removed": false,
    "channels": [
        "ach",
        "real-time-payments"
    ],
    "bankName": "SANDBOX TEST BANK",
    "iavAccountHolders": {
        "selected": "account holder",
        "other": [
          "Jane Doe",
          "GeneriCompany LLC"
        ]
    },
    "fingerprint": "4cf31392f678cb26c62b75096e1a09d4465a801798b3d5c3729de44a4f54c794"
}
```
