pages/api-reference/funding-sources/remove.mdx, before:

---
layout: guides
title: "Remove a funding source"
guide:
  step: 12
meta:
  title: "Remove a Funding Source | Dwolla API Documentation"
---

# Remove a funding source

This section outlines how to remove a funding source, both bank account and `VAN`, by id. A removed funding source is soft deleted and can still be accessed when retrieved.

When a bank funding source with an `unverified` status is removed, an attempt to re-add it within 48 hours of the initial created date will re-activate the removed funding source and maintain the same `id`. Removing and re-adding a `VAN` however, will create a different `id`.

##### Best Practices

If a funding-source has an **outgoing** transfer, we recommend not removing it until the transfer has been [exported](https://developers.dwolla.com/concepts/transfer-processing-times). Doing so will result in the cancellation of the transfer. Determining if a transfer has been exported or not can be done by retrieving the transfer resource and looking for the [`cancel`](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/transfers/cancel) link in the response -- if the transfer has exported, the `cancel` link is removed.

If a funding source has an **incoming** transfer, we recommend not removing it until the transfer has been `processed`. If the recipient Customer has multiple funding sources attached, doing so will result in the funds processing to a randomly chosen bank funding source. If the recipient is a [Verified Customer type](https://developers.dwolla.com/concepts/customer-types#verified-customer) with only one bank funding source attached, removing it prior to an incoming transfer processing will result in the funds settling to the [balance funding source](https://developers.dwolla.com/concepts/balance-funding-source) rather than the intended bank funding source.

### HTTP request

> `POST https://api.dwolla.com/funding-sources/{id}`

### Request parameters

| Parameter | Required | Type   | Description                                                        |
| --------- | -------- | ------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| id        | yes      | string | id of funding source to delete.                                    |
| removed   | yes      | string | Specify a value of `true` to remove the associated funding source. |

### HTTP status and error codes

| HTTP Status | Message                   |
| ----------- | ------------------------- |
| 404         | Funding source not found. |

### Request and response - bank funding source

```bash
POST https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/692486f8-29f6-4516-a6a5-c69fd2ce854c
Content-Type: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY
{
    "removed": true
}

...

HTTP 200 OK
{
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/692486f8-29f6-4516-a6a5-c69fd2ce854c",
      "type": "funding-source"
    }
  },
  "id": "692486f8-29f6-4516-a6a5-c69fd2ce854c",
  "status": "verified",
  "type": "bank",
  "bankAccountType": "checking",
  "name": "Test bank account",
  "created": "2016-06-08T21:37:30.000Z",
  "removed": true,
  "fingerprint": "4cf31392f678cb26c62b75096e1a09d4465a801798b3d5c3729de44a4f54c794"
}
```

```ruby
# Using dwolla_v2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
funding_source_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/692486f8-29f6-4516-a6a5-c69fd2ce854c'

request_body = {
  :removed => true
}

app_token.post "#{funding_source_url}", request_body
```

```php
<?php
// Using dwollaswagger - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-swagger-php
$fundingSourceUrl = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/692486f8-29f6-4516-a6a5-c69fd2ce854c';

$fsApi = new DwollaSwagger\FundingsourcesApi($apiClient);

$fsApi->softDelete(['removed' => true ], $fundingSourceUrl);
?>
```

```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
funding_source_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/692486f8-29f6-4516-a6a5-c69fd2ce854c'
request_body = {
  'removed': True
}

funding_source = app_token.post(funding_source_url, request_body)
```

```javascript
// Using dwolla-v2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-node
var fundingSourceUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/692486f8-29f6-4516-a6a5-c69fd2ce854c";
var requestBody = {
  removed: true,
};

dwolla.post(fundingSourceUrl, requestBody);
```

### Request and response - VAN funding source

```bash
POST https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/62c88abb-96cb-4f1e-8ca9-7f45b5308d16
Content-Type: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY
{
    "removed": true
}

...

HTTP 200 OK
{
    "_links": {
        "self": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/62c88abb-96cb-4f1e-8ca9-7f45b5308d16",
            "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
            "resource-type": "funding-source"
        }
    },
    "id": "62c88abb-96cb-4f1e-8ca9-7f45b5308d16",
    "status": "verified",
    "type": "virtual",
    "bankAccountType": "checking",
    "name": "My First VAN",
    "created": "2021-11-19T13:56:11.000Z",
    "removed": true,
    "channels": [
        "external"
    ],
    "fingerprint": "a6f548e4b427191bab4284dc240f673d03046270a4fd519a8a8f82623f2814ac"
}
```

```ruby
# Using dwolla_v2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
funding_source_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/62c88abb-96cb-4f1e-8ca9-7f45b5308d16'

request_body = {
  :removed => true
}

app_token.post "#{funding_source_url}", request_body
```

```php
<?php
// Using dwollaswagger - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-swagger-php
$fundingSourceUrl = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/62c88abb-96cb-4f1e-8ca9-7f45b5308d16';

$fsApi = new DwollaSwagger\FundingsourcesApi($apiClient);

$fsApi->softDelete(['removed' => true ], $fundingSourceUrl);
?>
```

```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
funding_source_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/62c88abb-96cb-4f1e-8ca9-7f45b5308d16'
request_body = {
  'removed': True
}

funding_source = app_token.post(funding_source_url, request_body)
```

```javascript
// Using dwolla-v2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-node
var fundingSourceUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/62c88abb-96cb-4f1e-8ca9-7f45b5308d16";
var requestBody = {
  removed: true,
};

dwolla.post(fundingSourceUrl, requestBody);
```

Commit message:

DEV-1103: Update 'Best Practices' section under funding-source removal (#414)
* DEV-1103: Update 'Best Practices' section under funding-source removal

* Add information related to manually cancelling txs

pages/api-reference/funding-sources/remove.mdx, after:

---
layout: guides
title: "Remove a funding source"
guide:
  step: 12
meta:
  title: "Remove a Funding Source | Dwolla API Documentation"
---

# Remove a funding source

This section outlines how to remove a funding source, both bank account and `VAN`, by id. A removed funding source is soft deleted and can still be accessed when retrieved.

When a bank funding source with an `unverified` status is removed, an attempt to re-add it within 48 hours of the initial created date will re-activate the removed funding source and maintain the same `id`. Removing and re-adding a `VAN` however, will create a different `id`.

##### Things to remember

If a funding source has an **outgoing** transfer, removing it **will not** result in the cancellation of any pending transfer(s). In other words, even if a funding source is removed, all pending transfers will continue to [export](https://developers.dwolla.com/concepts/transfer-processing-times) and process to their respective destinations. If you wish to cancel any pending transfers that haven’t yet been exported, you will need to do so by calling the endpoint for [cancelling a transfer](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/transfers/cancel). Determining if a transfer has been exported or not can be done by retrieving the transfer resource and looking for the `cancel` link in the response -- if the transfer has been exported, the `cancel` link is removed.

If a funding source has an **incoming** transfer, we recommend not removing it until the transfer has been `processed`. If the recipient Customer has multiple funding sources attached, doing so will result in the funds processing to a randomly chosen bank funding source. If the recipient is a [Verified Customer type](https://developers.dwolla.com/concepts/customer-types#verified-customer) with only one bank funding source attached, removing it prior to an incoming transfer processing will result in the funds settling to the [balance funding source](https://developers.dwolla.com/concepts/balance-funding-source) rather than the intended bank funding source.

### HTTP request

> `POST https://api.dwolla.com/funding-sources/{id}`

### Request parameters

| Parameter | Required | Type   | Description                                                        |
| --------- | -------- | ------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| id        | yes      | string | id of funding source to delete.                                    |
| removed   | yes      | string | Specify a value of `true` to remove the associated funding source. |

### HTTP status and error codes

| HTTP Status | Message                   |
| ----------- | ------------------------- |
| 404         | Funding source not found. |

### Request and response - bank funding source

```bash
POST https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/692486f8-29f6-4516-a6a5-c69fd2ce854c
Content-Type: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY
{
    "removed": true
}

...

HTTP 200 OK
{
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/692486f8-29f6-4516-a6a5-c69fd2ce854c",
      "type": "funding-source"
    }
  },
  "id": "692486f8-29f6-4516-a6a5-c69fd2ce854c",
  "status": "verified",
  "type": "bank",
  "bankAccountType": "checking",
  "name": "Test bank account",
  "created": "2016-06-08T21:37:30.000Z",
  "removed": true,
  "fingerprint": "4cf31392f678cb26c62b75096e1a09d4465a801798b3d5c3729de44a4f54c794"
}
```

```ruby
# Using dwolla_v2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
funding_source_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/692486f8-29f6-4516-a6a5-c69fd2ce854c'

request_body = {
  :removed => true
}

app_token.post "#{funding_source_url}", request_body
```

```php
<?php
// Using dwollaswagger - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-swagger-php
$fundingSourceUrl = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/692486f8-29f6-4516-a6a5-c69fd2ce854c';

$fsApi = new DwollaSwagger\FundingsourcesApi($apiClient);

$fsApi->softDelete(['removed' => true ], $fundingSourceUrl);
?>
```

```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
funding_source_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/692486f8-29f6-4516-a6a5-c69fd2ce854c'
request_body = {
  'removed': True
}

funding_source = app_token.post(funding_source_url, request_body)
```

```javascript
// Using dwolla-v2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-node
var fundingSourceUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/692486f8-29f6-4516-a6a5-c69fd2ce854c";
var requestBody = {
  removed: true,
};

dwolla.post(fundingSourceUrl, requestBody);
```

### Request and response - VAN funding source

```bash
POST https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/62c88abb-96cb-4f1e-8ca9-7f45b5308d16
Content-Type: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY
{
    "removed": true
}

...

HTTP 200 OK
{
    "_links": {
        "self": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/62c88abb-96cb-4f1e-8ca9-7f45b5308d16",
            "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
            "resource-type": "funding-source"
        }
    },
    "id": "62c88abb-96cb-4f1e-8ca9-7f45b5308d16",
    "status": "verified",
    "type": "virtual",
    "bankAccountType": "checking",
    "name": "My First VAN",
    "created": "2021-11-19T13:56:11.000Z",
    "removed": true,
    "channels": [
        "external"
    ],
    "fingerprint": "a6f548e4b427191bab4284dc240f673d03046270a4fd519a8a8f82623f2814ac"
}
```

```ruby
# Using dwolla_v2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
funding_source_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/62c88abb-96cb-4f1e-8ca9-7f45b5308d16'

request_body = {
  :removed => true
}

app_token.post "#{funding_source_url}", request_body
```

```php
<?php
// Using dwollaswagger - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-swagger-php
$fundingSourceUrl = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/62c88abb-96cb-4f1e-8ca9-7f45b5308d16';

$fsApi = new DwollaSwagger\FundingsourcesApi($apiClient);

$fsApi->softDelete(['removed' => true ], $fundingSourceUrl);
?>
```

```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
funding_source_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/62c88abb-96cb-4f1e-8ca9-7f45b5308d16'
request_body = {
  'removed': True
}

funding_source = app_token.post(funding_source_url, request_body)
```

```javascript
// Using dwolla-v2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-node
var fundingSourceUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/62c88abb-96cb-4f1e-8ca9-7f45b5308d16";
var requestBody = {
  removed: true,
};

dwolla.post(fundingSourceUrl, requestBody);
```
