pages/docs/balance/api-reference/api-fundamentals/index.mdx, before:

---
title: "Overview"
description: "Programmatically send bank transfers with our developer API."
group:
  title: API Fundamentals
  weight: 0
guide:
  step: 0
meta:
  title: "API Reference | Dwolla Balance API Documentation"
  description: "Complete reference documentation for the Dwolla API. Includes resource descriptions, endpoints and methods, parameters, and request and response examples."
---

import Card from "../../../../../app/components/base/Card";
import CardGrid from "../../../../../app/components/base/CardGrid";

# Introduction

Welcome to the Dwolla API documentation, your gateway to seamlessly integrating your software with robust banking infrastructure. Our API empowers developers with the essential tools to facilitate account-to-account payments, digital wallet functionality, customer identity verification, and bank account verification in a secure and efficient manner.

## API Fundamentals

Explore our detailed reference documentation, starting with the API Fundamentals. Here, you will find comprehensive information on how to interact with the API, as well as develop a better understanding of fundamental concepts that make up the design of the API.

<CardGrid maxColumns="3">
  <Card
    links={[
      {
        text: "Learn more",
        href: "https://developers.dwolla.com/docs/balance/api-reference/api-fundamentals/making-requests-and-authentication",
        external: false,
      },
    ]}
    topic="Making Requests and Authentication"
    description="Learn how to interact with the Dwolla API, including making requests, setting headers, and handling authentication."
  />
  <Card
    links={[
      {
        text: "Learn more",
        href: "https://developers.dwolla.com/docs/balance/api-reference/api-fundamentals/rate-limits",
        external: false,
      },
    ]}
    topic="Rate Limits"
    description="Understand the rate limits in the Dwolla API, including concurrency-based and volume-based limits, and learn how to handle HTTP 429 Too Many Requests status codes."
  />
  <Card
    links={[
      {
        text: "Learn more",
        href: "https://developers.dwolla.com/docs/balance/api-reference/api-fundamentals/api-allowlist",
        external: false,
      },
    ]}
    topic="IP Allowlist"
    description="Learn how to set up IP allowlisting to control access to the Dwolla API and prevent unauthorized actions on behalf of your application."
  />
  <Card
    links={[
      {
        text: "Learn more",
        href: "https://developers.dwolla.com/docs/balance/api-reference/api-fundamentals/idempotency-key",
        external: false,
      },
    ]}
    topic="Idempotency Key"
    description="Learn how to use the Idempotency-Key header to prevent duplicate operations and manage resource creation in the Dwolla API."
  />
  <Card
    links={[
      {
        text: "Learn more",
        href: "https://developers.dwolla.com/docs/balance/api-reference/api-fundamentals/json-hal-hypermedia",
        external: false,
      },
    ]}
    topic="JSON-HAL and Dwolla HAL-Forms"
    description="Learn about JSON-HAL, a hypermedia format for APIs, and how Dwolla HAL-Forms extend the HAL spec to represent and dynamically generate forms within the API."
  />
  <Card
    links={[
      {
        text: "Learn more",
        href: "https://developers.dwolla.com/docs/balance/api-reference/api-fundamentals/errors",
        external: false,
      },
    ]}
    topic="Handling Errors"
    description="Learn how to handle error responses in the Dwolla API, including standard HTTP status codes, top-level error codes, and embedded errors. "
  />
  <Card
    links={[
      {
        text: "Learn more",
        href: "https://developers.dwolla.com/docs/balance/api-reference/api-fundamentals/debugging",
        external: false,
      },
    ]}
    topic="Effective Debugging with X-Request-ID"
    description="Prioritize clear and concise debugging practices in the Dwolla API to ensure smooth integration and efficient troubleshooting."
  />
</CardGrid>

Commit message:

modify meta descriptions to remove duplications

pages/docs/balance/api-reference/api-fundamentals/index.mdx, after:

---
title: "Overview"
description: "Programmatically send bank transfers with our developer API."
group:
  title: API Fundamentals
  weight: 0
guide:
  step: 0
meta:
  title: "API Reference | Dwolla Balance API Documentation"
  description: "Streamline A2A Payments with Dwolla Balance: Understand the API Fundamentals. Explore request/response structures, authentication, error handling, and more. "
---

import Card from "../../../../../app/components/base/Card";
import CardGrid from "../../../../../app/components/base/CardGrid";

# Introduction

Welcome to the Dwolla API documentation, your gateway to seamlessly integrating your software with robust banking infrastructure. Our API empowers developers with the essential tools to facilitate account-to-account payments, digital wallet functionality, customer identity verification, and bank account verification in a secure and efficient manner.

## API Fundamentals

Explore our detailed reference documentation, starting with the API Fundamentals. Here, you will find comprehensive information on how to interact with the API, as well as develop a better understanding of fundamental concepts that make up the design of the API.

<CardGrid maxColumns="3">
  <Card
    links={[
      {
        text: "Learn more",
        href: "https://developers.dwolla.com/docs/balance/api-reference/api-fundamentals/making-requests-and-authentication",
        external: false,
      },
    ]}
    topic="Making Requests and Authentication"
    description="Learn how to interact with the Dwolla API, including making requests, setting headers, and handling authentication."
  />
  <Card
    links={[
      {
        text: "Learn more",
        href: "https://developers.dwolla.com/docs/balance/api-reference/api-fundamentals/rate-limits",
        external: false,
      },
    ]}
    topic="Rate Limits"
    description="Understand the rate limits in the Dwolla API, including concurrency-based and volume-based limits, and learn how to handle HTTP 429 Too Many Requests status codes."
  />
  <Card
    links={[
      {
        text: "Learn more",
        href: "https://developers.dwolla.com/docs/balance/api-reference/api-fundamentals/api-allowlist",
        external: false,
      },
    ]}
    topic="IP Allowlist"
    description="Learn how to set up IP allowlisting to control access to the Dwolla API and prevent unauthorized actions on behalf of your application."
  />
  <Card
    links={[
      {
        text: "Learn more",
        href: "https://developers.dwolla.com/docs/balance/api-reference/api-fundamentals/idempotency-key",
        external: false,
      },
    ]}
    topic="Idempotency Key"
    description="Learn how to use the Idempotency-Key header to prevent duplicate operations and manage resource creation in the Dwolla API."
  />
  <Card
    links={[
      {
        text: "Learn more",
        href: "https://developers.dwolla.com/docs/balance/api-reference/api-fundamentals/json-hal-hypermedia",
        external: false,
      },
    ]}
    topic="JSON-HAL and Dwolla HAL-Forms"
    description="Learn about JSON-HAL, a hypermedia format for APIs, and how Dwolla HAL-Forms extend the HAL spec to represent and dynamically generate forms within the API."
  />
  <Card
    links={[
      {
        text: "Learn more",
        href: "https://developers.dwolla.com/docs/balance/api-reference/api-fundamentals/errors",
        external: false,
      },
    ]}
    topic="Handling Errors"
    description="Learn how to handle error responses in the Dwolla API, including standard HTTP status codes, top-level error codes, and embedded errors. "
  />
  <Card
    links={[
      {
        text: "Learn more",
        href: "https://developers.dwolla.com/docs/balance/api-reference/api-fundamentals/debugging",
        external: false,
      },
    ]}
    topic="Effective Debugging with X-Request-ID"
    description="Prioritize clear and concise debugging practices in the Dwolla API to ensure smooth integration and efficient troubleshooting."
  />
</CardGrid>
