pages/docs/balance/receive-money/add-funding-source.mdx, before:

---
layout: guides
title: "Step 2: Add a funding source"
guide:
  step: 2
meta:
  title: Receive Money - Add a funding source | Dwolla API Documentation
  description: Create a bank funding source for a created Customer to receive funds.
---

# Step 2: Adding a Funding Source

Within Dwolla, the sending party must always have a verified funding source. Since your Customer is the one sending funds, they will need to both add and verify their bank funding source before being eligible to send funds.

The destination party, or the party receiving funds, does not need to have a verified funding source to receive these funds.

## Bank Addition and Verification Methods

There are multiple ways of adding a bank to a Customer with the Dwolla API. A simplified table below outlines the similarities and differences of each method.

| Bank Addition Method                                                        | Will the bank be verified?    | Required Information            |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------- | ------------------------------- |
| API - Account & Routing Number                                              | Optional - With Microdeposits | Bank Account and Routing Number |
| [Drop-in components](https://developers.dwolla.com/docs/drop-in-components) | Optional - With Microdeposits | Bank Account and Routing Number |
| [Dwolla + Plaid integration](/guides/plaid)                                 | Yes                           | Online banking Credentials      |
| [Dwolla + Secure Exchange solution](/concepts/secure-exchange)              | Yes                           | Online banking credentials      |
| Other Approved Third-party Provider                                         | Yes                           | Variable                        |

<AlertBar variation="info">
  For more information on securely submitting a user’s bank details directly to
  Dwolla from the client-side of your application, reference our{" "}
  <a href="https://developers.dwolla.com/docs/drop-in-components#create-a-funding-source">
    Drop-in components
  </a>
  .
</AlertBar>

## Step 2A: Add a Bank to an Unverified Customer

In this step, we will create and attach a verified funding source to your Customer, which will be done using Plaid Link, a third-party bank verification provider. This method will give your Customers the ability to add and verify their bank account in a matter of seconds by authenticating using their online banking credentials.

Once your Customer reaches the page in your application to add a bank account, you will first use Plaid Link to authenticate the user's bank account, exchange the `public_token` for a `processor_token`, and then send the `processor_token` to Dwolla to create the funding source.

To integrate Dwolla with Plaid, we recommend checking out our [Add a Bank via Dwolla + Plaid Integration](/guides/plaid) guide. Additionally, if you would like to see a working example that verifies a bank via Plaid Link (using Next.js/React) and attaches it as a verified funding source to a Dwolla Customer, please check out our [dwolla-plaid-funding-source](https://github.com/Dwolla/integration-examples/blob/main/dwolla-plaid-funding-source) integration example on our GitHub profile.

## Step 2B: Handle Webhooks

If you have an active webhook subscription, you should receive both the `customer_funding_source_added` and `customer_funding_source_verified` <span><ContentTooltip preset="webhook">webhooks</ContentTooltip></span> immediately following the request to Dwolla to add a funding source using a Plaid `processorToken`.

Commit message:

Dev 1594: Update existing resources to include Open Banking (#611)

pages/docs/balance/receive-money/add-funding-source.mdx, after:

---
layout: guides
title: "Step 2: Add a funding source"
guide:
  step: 2
meta:
  title: Receive Money - Add a funding source | Dwolla API Documentation
  description: Create a bank funding source for a created Customer to receive funds.
---

import guideIcon from "../../../../assets/images/content-images/content-icons/guides-icon.svg";

# Step 2: Adding a Funding Source

Within Dwolla, the sending party must always have a verified funding source. Since your Customer is the one sending funds, they will need to both add and verify their bank funding source before being eligible to send funds.

The destination party, or the party receiving funds, does not need to have a verified funding source to receive these funds.

## Bank Addition and Verification Methods

There are multiple ways of adding a bank to a Customer with the Dwolla API. A simplified table below outlines the similarities and differences of each method.

| Bank Addition Method                                                                      | Will the bank be verified?    | Required Information            |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------- | ------------------------------- |
| API - Account & Routing Number                                                            | Optional - With Microdeposits | Bank Account and Routing Number |
| [Dwolla + Open Banking](https://developers.dwolla.com/docs/balance/open-banking#overview) | Yes                           | Online banking credentials      |
| [Drop-in components](https://developers.dwolla.com/docs/drop-in-components)               | Optional - With Microdeposits | Bank Account and Routing Number |
| [Dwolla + Plaid integration](/guides/plaid)                                               | Yes                           | Online banking Credentials      |
| [Dwolla + Secure Exchange solution](/concepts/secure-exchange)                            | Yes                           | Online banking credentials      |
| Other Approved Third-party Provider                                                       | Yes                           | Variable                        |

<AlertBar variation="info">
  For more information on securely submitting a user’s bank details directly to
  Dwolla from the client-side of your application, reference our{" "}
  <a href="https://developers.dwolla.com/docs/drop-in-components#create-a-funding-source">
    Drop-in components
  </a>
  .
</AlertBar>

## Step 2A: Add a Bank to an Unverified Customer

In this step, we will create and attach a verified funding source to your Customer using Dwolla's Open Banking solution with Visa, a leading Open Banking service provider that Dwolla partners with. This method will give your Customers the ability to add and verify their bank account in a matter of seconds by authenticating using their online banking credentials.

Once your Customer reaches the page in your application to add a bank account, you will use Open Banking with Visa to authenticate the user's bank account. This involves initiating an <span><ContentTooltip preset="exchange-session">Exchange Session</ContentTooltip></span> with Dwolla, guiding the user through the verification process with their bank, and then using the <span><ContentTooltip preset="exchange">Exchange</ContentTooltip></span> details to create a funding source in Dwolla.

To integrate Open Banking with Visa, we recommend checking out our [integration guide](https://developers.dwolla.com/docs/balance/open-banking/visa). Additionally, if you would like to see a working example that verifies a bank using Open Banking with Visa and attaches it as a verified funding source to a Dwolla Customer, please check out our [open-banking/visa](https://github.com/Dwolla/integration-examples/tree/main/packages/open-banking/visa) integration example on our GitHub profile.

<InlineCTA
  icon={guideIcon}
  text="Step-by-step guide on implementing Open Banking with Visa."
  href="https://developers.dwolla.com/docs/balance/open-banking/visa"
/>

## Step 2B: Handle Webhooks

If you have an active webhook subscription, you should receive both the `customer_funding_source_added` and `customer_funding_source_verified` <span><ContentTooltip preset="webhook">webhooks</ContentTooltip></span> immediately following the request to Dwolla to add a funding source using Open Banking.
