pages/concepts/balance-funding-source.mdx, before:

---
layout: concepts
title: "Balance Funding Source"
description: Send to, receive from, or hold funds within the Dwolla network for client master accounts and Verified Customer accounts.
category: Funding Sources
concept:
  icon: "balance-funding-source.svg"
meta:
  title: Dwolla Balance | Dwolla API Documentation
  description: The Dwolla balance is a funding source that can be used to hold a stored value of USD funds, allowing for another efficient method to move funds.
---

# The Dwolla Balance

## Overview

There are two types of [Funding Sources](https://docs.dwolla.com/#funding-sources) available within the Dwolla Platform which include a bank or a Dwolla balance. A bank account is commonly used as the source or destination for ACH transfers. The Dwolla `balance` is a Funding Source that can be utilized like a “wallet” for holding a stored value of USD funds. The balance is made available for account types that have completed [“KYC” requirements](https://www.dwolla.com/updates/guide-customer-identification-program-payments-api/), which includes customers of Dwolla and their end users that have been on-boarded as [Verified Customers](/concepts/customer-types#verified-customer).

What makes the Dwolla balance useful in relation to the platform is that the funds are held within the Dwolla network. This means the Dwolla balance acts as a funding source associated directly with each Verified Customer within your application. This funding source can only be accessed from your application by the end user, and you must provide an easily accessible and accurate summary of the [total and available balance](#total-and-available-balance) as well as transfer history for the Customer’s Dwolla balance.

## Functionality and benefits

The Dwolla balance allows for greater flexibility for your desired funds flow and delivers another efficient method to move funds.

### Transfers

As a funding source, you can use the Dwolla balance to:

- Receive funds from a bank funding source into the Dwolla Balance
- Send funds from the Dwolla Balance to a bank funding source
- Make instant payment transfers between two Dwolla Balance funding sources
- Hold funds in a Dwolla Balance

To learn more about how to initiate transfers with the Dwolla API, check out our [API Reference Docs](https://docs.dwolla.com/#transfers)

### Balance transfer timing

In production, transfer timing will vary depending on whether the balance is specified as the `source` or `destination` of the bank transfer. If transferring between two balance funding sources, the funds will transfer instantly.

| Bank to Balance   | Balance to Bank   | Balance to Balance |
| ----------------- | ----------------- | ------------------ |
| 3-4 Business Days | 1-2 Business Days | Instant            |

## Viewing and displaying the balance

The balance Funding Source can be accessed when an account (your [Master Dwolla Account](https://docs.dwolla.com/#accounts) or a [Verified Customer account](/concepts/customer-types#verified-customer)) has successfully completed the identity verification process and has a status of `verified`. Since this funding source exists within the Dwolla Network you can obtain the details by utilizing the Dwolla API to retrieve the account’s list of funding sources.

#### Retrieve Dwolla Master Account balance funding source

To retrieve your Account ID, you will need to call the [root](https://docs.dwolla.com/#root) of the API. Check out our API Reference Docs to learn more about retrieving the balance funding source for [your Dwolla Master Account](https://docs.dwolla.com/#list-funding-sources-for-an-account).

##### Example request and response (Master Dwolla Account)

```bash
GET https://api.dwolla.com/accounts/ca32853c-48fa-40be-ae75-77b37504581b/funding-sources
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY

...
{
    "_links": {
        "self": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/accounts/ca32853c-48fa-40be-ae75-77b37504581b/funding-sources",
            "resource-type": "funding-source"
        }
    },
    "_embedded": {
        "funding-sources": [
            {
                "_links": {
                    "self": {
                        "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/04173e17-6398-4d36-a167-9d98c4b1f1c3",
                        "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
                        "resource-type": "funding-source"
                    },
                    "account": {
                        "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/accounts/ca32853c-48fa-40be-ae75-77b37504581b",
                        "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
                        "resource-type": "account"
                    }
                },
                "id": "04173e17-6398-4d36-a167-9d98c4b1f1c3",
                "status": "verified",
                "type": "bank",
                "bankAccountType": "checking",
                "name": "My Account - Checking",
                "created": "2017-09-25T20:03:41.000Z",
                "removed": false,
                "channels": [
                    "ach"
                ],
                "bankName": "First Midwestern Bank"
            },
            {
                "_links": {
                    "self": {
                        "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7",
                    },
                    "account": {
                        "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/accounts/ca32853c-48fa-40be-ae75-77b37504581b",
                    },
                    "with-available-balance": {
                        "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7",
                    },
                    "balance": {
                        "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7/balance",
                    }
                },
                "id": "b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7",
                "status": "verified",
                "type": "balance",
                "name": "Balance",
                "created": "2017-08-22T18:21:51.000Z",
                "removed": false,
                "channels": []
            }
        ]
    }
}
```

```ruby
# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
account_url = 'https://api.dwolla.com/accounts/ca32853c-48fa-40be-ae75-77b37504581b'

funding_sources = app_token.get "#{account_url}/funding-sources"
funding_sources._embedded['funding-sources'][1].name # => "Balance"
```

```javascript
var accountUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/accounts/ca32853c-48fa-40be-ae75-77b37504581b";

appToken
  .get(`${accountUrl}/funding-sources`)
  .then((res) => res.body._embedded["funding-sources"][1].name); // => 'Balance'
```

```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
account_url = 'https://api.dwolla.com/accounts/ca32853c-48fa-40be-ae75-77b37504581b'

funding_sources = app_token.get('%s/funding-sources' % account_url)
funding_sources.body['_embedded']['funding-sources'][1]['name'] # => 'Balance'
```

```php
<?php
$accountUrl = 'https://api.dwolla.com/accounts/ca32853c-48fa-40be-ae75-77b37504581b';

$fsApi = new DwollaSwagger\FundingsourcesApi($apiClient);

$fundingSources = $fsApi->getAccountFundingSources($accountUrl);
$fundingSources->_embedded->{'funding-sources'}[1]->name; # => "Balance"
?>
```

#### Retrieve a Customer's balance funding source

Check out our API Reference Docs to learn more about retrieving the balance funding source for [your Verified Customers](https://docs.dwolla.com/#list-funding-sources-for-a-customer).

##### Example request and response (Customer)

```bash
GET https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/5b29279d-6359-4c87-a318-e09095532733/funding-sources
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY

...

{
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/5b29279d-6359-4c87-a318-e09095532733/funding-sources"
    },
    "customer": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/5b29279d-6359-4c87-a318-e09095532733"
    }
  },
  "_embedded": {
    "funding-sources": [
      {
        "_links": {
          "self": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ab9cd5de-9435-47af-96fb-8d2fa5db51e8"
          },
          "customer": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/5b29279d-6359-4c87-a318-e09095532733"
          },
          "with-available-balance": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ab9cd5de-9435-47af-96fb-8d2fa5db51e8"
          }
        },
        "id": "ab9cd5de-9435-47af-96fb-8d2fa5db51e8",
        "status": "verified",
        "type": "balance",
        "name": "Balance",
        "created": "2015-10-02T21:00:28.153Z",
        "removed": false,
        "channels": []
      },
      {
        "_links": {
          "self": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/98c209d3-02d6-4bee-bc0f-61e18acf0e33"
          },
          "customer": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/5b29279d-6359-4c87-a318-e09095532733"
          }
        },
        "id": "98c209d3-02d6-4bee-bc0f-61e18acf0e33",
        "status": "verified",
        "type": "bank",
        "bankAccountType": "checking",
        "name": "Jane Doe’s Checking",
        "created": "2015-10-02T22:03:45.537Z",
        "removed": false,
        "channels": [
            "ach"
        ],
        "fingerprint": "4cf31392f678cb26c62b75096e1a09d4465a801798b3d5c3729de44a4f54c794"
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

```ruby
# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
customer_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/5b29279d-6359-4c87-a318-e09095532733'

funding_sources = app_token.get "#{customer_url}/funding-sources"
funding_sources._embedded['funding-sources'][0].name # => "Balance"
```

```javascript
var customerUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/5b29279d-6359-4c87-a318-e09095532733";

appToken
  .get(`${customerUrl}/funding-sources`)
  .then((res) => res.body._embedded["funding-sources"][0].name); // => 'Balance'
```

```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
customer_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/5b29279d-6359-4c87-a318-e09095532733'

funding_sources = app_token.get('%s/funding-sources' % customer_url)
funding_sources.body['_embedded']['funding-sources'][0]['name'] # => 'Balance'
```

```php
<?php
$customerUrl = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/5b29279d-6359-4c87-a318-e09095532733';

$fsApi = new DwollaSwagger\FundingsourcesApi($apiClient);

$fundingSources = $fsApi->getCustomerFundingSources($customerUrl);
$fundingSources->_embedded->{'funding-sources'}[0]->name; # => "Balance"
?>
```

## Retrieve the balance amount

The Dwolla balance also entails a feature in which you can check the value of the balance at any given time. Being able to know the amount of funds in your balance is necessary information to have prior to sending funds. You must also be able to show the available balance at all times within your application to your Verified Customers. Check out our [API Reference Docs](https://docs.dwolla.com/#retrieve-a-funding-source-balance) to learn more.

#### Total and available balance

There are two different amounts returned in the API response when [retrieving a balance](https://docs.dwolla.com/#retrieve-a-funding-source-balance) which correspond to a `total` and `available` balance. **Note:** Unless your application utilizes [Labels](https://docs.dwolla.com/#labels) functionality, the amounts that are returned in both the balance and total object will be the same. Available balance can be accessed via the `balance` attribute, whereas total balance can be accessed via the `total` attribute within the Balance object. Both `balance` and `total` are JSON objects that contain key value pairs for `value` and `currency`.

##### Available balance

The amount of funds readily available in a Verified Customer Record’s balance that can be sent, withdrawn, or labeled. The “Available Balance” does not include labeled funds. The amount of funds for the following actions are limited to the amount of the Available Balance:

- Creating and adding funds to a new Label
- Increasing an existing Label
- Withdrawing funds
- Available Balance transfers, i.e. send or withdraw

<AlertBar variation="info">
  If a return occurs on a Verified Customer Record, that return will only impact
  the Available Balance, and not labeled funds. This could result in a negative
  Available Balance and the inability to complete the items listed above.
</AlertBar>

##### Total balance

Represents the Verified Customer Record’s total balance held in the Dwolla network. This includes both labeled funds and the Available Balance, i.e. both labeled and unlabeled funds.

##### Example request and response

```bash
GET https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/e5b8223f-08f7-4a7e-b952-88a773c0df61/balance
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY

{
    "_links": {
        "self": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/e5b8223f-08f7-4a7e-b952-88a773c0df61/balance",
            "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
            "resource-type": "balance"
        },
        "funding-source": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/e5b8223f-08f7-4a7e-b952-88a773c0df61",
            "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
            "resource-type": "funding-source"
        }
    },
    "balance": {
        "value": "142.50",
        "currency": "USD"
    },
    "total": {
        "value": "142.50",
        "currency": "USD"
    },
    "lastUpdated": "2019-06-03T14:28:12.679Z"
}
```

```ruby
funding_source_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/e5b8223f-08f7-4a7e-b952-88a773c0df61'

# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
funding_source = app_token.get "#{funding_source_url}/balance"
```

```javascript
var fundingSourceUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/e5b8223f-08f7-4a7e-b952-88a773c0df61";

appToken
  .get(`${fundingSourceUrl}/balance`)
  .then((res) => res.body.balance.amount);
```

```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
funding_source_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/e5b8223f-08f7-4a7e-b952-88a773c0df61'

funding_source = app_token.get('%s/balance' % funding_source_url)
```

```php
<?php
$fundingSourceUrl = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/e5b8223f-08f7-4a7e-b952-88a773c0df61';

$fsApi = new DwollaSwagger\FundingsourcesApi($apiClient);

$fundingSource = $fsApi->getBalance($fundingSourceUrl);
?>
```

## Transfer failures

The amount in a Dwolla balance can be adjusted when a bank transfer failure occurs. In a transaction, if funds fail to process to a destination bank, they will be sent back to a Dwolla Balance.

Funds can also be pulled from a balance funding source in a transfer failure. In the case of transfer failure, funds may be pulled out of a Dwolla balance to fund the transfer. In this case, responsibility falls on you to bring the transfer balance back to zero.

### Transfer failure example

Let’s illustrate a transfer failure with an example:

- Source - Dwolla Master Account’s Bank Funding Source
- Destination - Receive-only User’s Bank Funding Source

In this example, our Receive-only User closes down their bank account while the transaction has a `pending` status.
Rather than the funds clearing to their now-closed bank account, an ACH return will be triggered which pushes these funds back to the Dwolla Master Account balance funding source. It is then up to you on whether your application will prompt your user to add another bank or to make payment to the Receive-Only User outside of Dwolla.

For more information on possible transfer failure scenarios and the Return Codes associated with each, check out the [Transfer Failures](/concepts/transfer-failures) developer resource article.

Commit message:

Added information to Dwolla Balance article on creating transfers

pages/concepts/balance-funding-source.mdx, after:

---
layout: concepts
title: "Balance Funding Source"
description: Send to, receive from, or hold funds within the Dwolla network for client master accounts and Verified Customer accounts.
category: Funding Sources
concept:
  icon: "balance-funding-source.svg"
meta:
  title: Dwolla Balance | Dwolla API Documentation
  description: The Dwolla balance is a funding source that can be used to hold a stored value of USD funds, allowing for another efficient method to move funds.
---

# The Dwolla Balance

## Overview

There are two types of [Funding Sources](https://docs.dwolla.com/#funding-sources) available within the Dwolla Platform which include a bank or a Dwolla balance. A bank account is commonly used as the source or destination for ACH transfers. The Dwolla `balance` is a Funding Source that can be utilized like a “wallet” for holding a stored value of USD funds. The balance is made available for account types that have completed [“KYC” requirements](https://www.dwolla.com/updates/guide-customer-identification-program-payments-api/), which includes customers of Dwolla and their end users that have been on-boarded as [Verified Customers](/concepts/customer-types#verified-customer).

What makes the Dwolla balance useful in relation to the platform is that the funds are held within the Dwolla network. This means the Dwolla balance acts as a funding source associated directly with each Verified Customer within your application. This funding source can only be accessed from your application by the end user, and you must provide an easily accessible and accurate summary of the [total and available balance](#total-and-available-balance) as well as transfer history for the Customer’s Dwolla balance.

## Functionality and benefits

The Dwolla balance allows for greater flexibility for your desired funds flow and delivers another efficient method to move funds.

### Transfers

As a funding source, you can use the Dwolla balance to:

- Receive funds from a bank funding source into the Dwolla Balance
- Send funds from the Dwolla Balance to a bank funding source
- Make instant payment transfers between two Dwolla Balance funding sources
- Hold funds in a Dwolla Balance

To learn more about how to initiate transfers with the Dwolla API, check out our [API Reference Docs](https://docs.dwolla.com/#transfers)

### Balance transfer timing

In production, transfer timing will vary depending on whether the balance is specified as the `source` or `destination` of the bank transfer. If transferring between two balance funding sources, the funds will transfer instantly.

| Bank to Balance   | Balance to Bank   | Balance to Balance |
| ----------------- | ----------------- | ------------------ |
| 3-4 Business Days | 1-2 Business Days | Instant            |

## Viewing and displaying the balance

The balance Funding Source can be accessed when an account (your [Master Dwolla Account](https://docs.dwolla.com/#accounts) or a [Verified Customer account](/concepts/customer-types#verified-customer)) has successfully completed the identity verification process and has a status of `verified`. Since this funding source exists within the Dwolla Network you can obtain the details by utilizing the Dwolla API to retrieve the account’s list of funding sources.

#### Retrieve Dwolla Master Account balance funding source

To retrieve your Account ID, you will need to call the [root](https://docs.dwolla.com/#root) of the API. Check out our API Reference Docs to learn more about retrieving the balance funding source for [your Dwolla Master Account](https://docs.dwolla.com/#list-funding-sources-for-an-account).

##### Example request and response (Master Dwolla Account)

```bash
GET https://api.dwolla.com/accounts/ca32853c-48fa-40be-ae75-77b37504581b/funding-sources
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY

...
{
    "_links": {
        "self": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/accounts/ca32853c-48fa-40be-ae75-77b37504581b/funding-sources",
            "resource-type": "funding-source"
        }
    },
    "_embedded": {
        "funding-sources": [
            {
                "_links": {
                    "self": {
                        "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/04173e17-6398-4d36-a167-9d98c4b1f1c3",
                        "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
                        "resource-type": "funding-source"
                    },
                    "account": {
                        "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/accounts/ca32853c-48fa-40be-ae75-77b37504581b",
                        "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
                        "resource-type": "account"
                    }
                },
                "id": "04173e17-6398-4d36-a167-9d98c4b1f1c3",
                "status": "verified",
                "type": "bank",
                "bankAccountType": "checking",
                "name": "My Account - Checking",
                "created": "2017-09-25T20:03:41.000Z",
                "removed": false,
                "channels": [
                    "ach"
                ],
                "bankName": "First Midwestern Bank"
            },
            {
                "_links": {
                    "self": {
                        "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7",
                    },
                    "account": {
                        "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/accounts/ca32853c-48fa-40be-ae75-77b37504581b",
                    },
                    "with-available-balance": {
                        "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7",
                    },
                    "balance": {
                        "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7/balance",
                    }
                },
                "id": "b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7",
                "status": "verified",
                "type": "balance",
                "name": "Balance",
                "created": "2017-08-22T18:21:51.000Z",
                "removed": false,
                "channels": []
            }
        ]
    }
}
```

```ruby
# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
account_url = 'https://api.dwolla.com/accounts/ca32853c-48fa-40be-ae75-77b37504581b'

funding_sources = app_token.get "#{account_url}/funding-sources"
funding_sources._embedded['funding-sources'][1].name # => "Balance"
```

```javascript
var accountUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/accounts/ca32853c-48fa-40be-ae75-77b37504581b";

appToken
  .get(`${accountUrl}/funding-sources`)
  .then((res) => res.body._embedded["funding-sources"][1].name); // => 'Balance'
```

```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
account_url = 'https://api.dwolla.com/accounts/ca32853c-48fa-40be-ae75-77b37504581b'

funding_sources = app_token.get('%s/funding-sources' % account_url)
funding_sources.body['_embedded']['funding-sources'][1]['name'] # => 'Balance'
```

```php
<?php
$accountUrl = 'https://api.dwolla.com/accounts/ca32853c-48fa-40be-ae75-77b37504581b';

$fsApi = new DwollaSwagger\FundingsourcesApi($apiClient);

$fundingSources = $fsApi->getAccountFundingSources($accountUrl);
$fundingSources->_embedded->{'funding-sources'}[1]->name; # => "Balance"
?>
```

#### Retrieve a Customer's balance funding source

Check out our API Reference Docs to learn more about retrieving the balance funding source for [your Verified Customers](https://docs.dwolla.com/#list-funding-sources-for-a-customer).

##### Example request and response (Customer)

```bash
GET https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/5b29279d-6359-4c87-a318-e09095532733/funding-sources
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY

...

{
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/5b29279d-6359-4c87-a318-e09095532733/funding-sources"
    },
    "customer": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/5b29279d-6359-4c87-a318-e09095532733"
    }
  },
  "_embedded": {
    "funding-sources": [
      {
        "_links": {
          "self": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ab9cd5de-9435-47af-96fb-8d2fa5db51e8"
          },
          "customer": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/5b29279d-6359-4c87-a318-e09095532733"
          },
          "with-available-balance": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ab9cd5de-9435-47af-96fb-8d2fa5db51e8"
          }
        },
        "id": "ab9cd5de-9435-47af-96fb-8d2fa5db51e8",
        "status": "verified",
        "type": "balance",
        "name": "Balance",
        "created": "2015-10-02T21:00:28.153Z",
        "removed": false,
        "channels": []
      },
      {
        "_links": {
          "self": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/98c209d3-02d6-4bee-bc0f-61e18acf0e33"
          },
          "customer": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/5b29279d-6359-4c87-a318-e09095532733"
          }
        },
        "id": "98c209d3-02d6-4bee-bc0f-61e18acf0e33",
        "status": "verified",
        "type": "bank",
        "bankAccountType": "checking",
        "name": "Jane Doe’s Checking",
        "created": "2015-10-02T22:03:45.537Z",
        "removed": false,
        "channels": [
            "ach"
        ],
        "fingerprint": "4cf31392f678cb26c62b75096e1a09d4465a801798b3d5c3729de44a4f54c794"
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

```ruby
# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
customer_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/5b29279d-6359-4c87-a318-e09095532733'

funding_sources = app_token.get "#{customer_url}/funding-sources"
funding_sources._embedded['funding-sources'][0].name # => "Balance"
```

```javascript
var customerUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/5b29279d-6359-4c87-a318-e09095532733";

appToken
  .get(`${customerUrl}/funding-sources`)
  .then((res) => res.body._embedded["funding-sources"][0].name); // => 'Balance'
```

```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
customer_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/5b29279d-6359-4c87-a318-e09095532733'

funding_sources = app_token.get('%s/funding-sources' % customer_url)
funding_sources.body['_embedded']['funding-sources'][0]['name'] # => 'Balance'
```

```php
<?php
$customerUrl = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/5b29279d-6359-4c87-a318-e09095532733';

$fsApi = new DwollaSwagger\FundingsourcesApi($apiClient);

$fundingSources = $fsApi->getCustomerFundingSources($customerUrl);
$fundingSources->_embedded->{'funding-sources'}[0]->name; # => "Balance"
?>
```

## Create Transfers using the Dwolla Balance

In order to create a transfer using the Dwolla Balance, you will first need the Balance funding-source ID. Check out the above section on [Viewing and Displaying the Balance](https://developers.dwolla.com/concepts/balance-funding-source#viewing-and-displaying-the-balance) in order to learn how to retrieve this ID. Once you have the Balance ID, it can be used as the `source` or the `destination` in a [transfer](https://docs.dwolla.com/#transfers) request depending on if you want to send funds out of the Balance or into the Balance, respectively.

### Load funds into the Balance

There are several reasons for why you may want to pre-load a Dwolla Balance. One of them involves creating faster payouts to Customers. According to the [transfer processing timing](https://developers.dwolla.com/concepts/transfer-processing-times#dwolla-network-to-bank-ach-payment-out) at Dwolla, standard transfers from a bank to the Dwolla network takes 3-4 business days to settle, and transfers out of the Dwolla Network to a bank takes 1-2 business days to settle. If your use case involves creating payouts to your Customers and you do not want them to wait for 4-6 business days from the time of transfer creation to see the funds hit their bank account, you can load funds into your Balance in advance so that the payouts to the Customers will only take 1-2 business days from the time of transfer creation.

When [creating a transfer](https://docs.dwolla.com/#transfers) to load funds into a Balance, you will have to make sure to use the Balance funding-source ID in the `destination` URL. The `source` can be a bank funding-source or even another Balance funding-source which you want to send funds to.

### Transfer funds out of the Balance

Similar to loading a Dwolla Balance, you can also create transfers from a Dwolla Balance out to another Dwolla Balance or an attached bank funding-source. There are different ways that funds may accumulate in the Dwolla balance. Funds could have been transferred into the Balance, or a transfer failure could cause funds to end up in the Balance instead of settling into a bank funding-source (see the [transfer failure example](https://developers.dwolla.com/concepts/balance-funding-source#transfer-failure-example) below for more details). You may want to withdraw those accumulated funds into a bank account or send them to another Dwolla Balance.

When [creating a transfer](https://docs.dwolla.com/#transfers) to send funds out from a Balance, you will have to make sure to use the Balance funding-source ID in the `source` URL. The `destination` can be a bank funding-source or even another Balance funding-source from which you want to debit the funds.

## Retrieve the balance amount

The Dwolla balance also entails a feature in which you can check the value of the balance at any given time. Being able to know the amount of funds in your balance is necessary information to have prior to sending funds. You must also be able to show the available balance at all times within your application to your Verified Customers. Check out our [API Reference Docs](https://docs.dwolla.com/#retrieve-a-funding-source-balance) to learn more.

#### Total and available balance

There are two different amounts returned in the API response when [retrieving a balance](https://docs.dwolla.com/#retrieve-a-funding-source-balance) which correspond to a `total` and `available` balance. **Note:** Unless your application utilizes [Labels](https://docs.dwolla.com/#labels) functionality, the amounts that are returned in both the balance and total object will be the same. Available balance can be accessed via the `balance` attribute, whereas total balance can be accessed via the `total` attribute within the Balance object. Both `balance` and `total` are JSON objects that contain key value pairs for `value` and `currency`.

##### Available balance

The amount of funds readily available in a Verified Customer Record’s balance that can be sent, withdrawn, or labeled. The “Available Balance” does not include labeled funds. The amount of funds for the following actions are limited to the amount of the Available Balance:

- Creating and adding funds to a new Label
- Increasing an existing Label
- Withdrawing funds
- Available Balance transfers, i.e. send or withdraw

<AlertBar variation="info">
  If a return occurs on a Verified Customer Record, that return will only impact
  the Available Balance, and not labeled funds. This could result in a negative
  Available Balance and the inability to complete the items listed above.
</AlertBar>

##### Total balance

Represents the Verified Customer Record’s total balance held in the Dwolla network. This includes both labeled funds and the Available Balance, i.e. both labeled and unlabeled funds.

##### Example request and response

```bash
GET https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/e5b8223f-08f7-4a7e-b952-88a773c0df61/balance
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY

{
    "_links": {
        "self": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/e5b8223f-08f7-4a7e-b952-88a773c0df61/balance",
            "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
            "resource-type": "balance"
        },
        "funding-source": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/e5b8223f-08f7-4a7e-b952-88a773c0df61",
            "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
            "resource-type": "funding-source"
        }
    },
    "balance": {
        "value": "142.50",
        "currency": "USD"
    },
    "total": {
        "value": "142.50",
        "currency": "USD"
    },
    "lastUpdated": "2019-06-03T14:28:12.679Z"
}
```

```ruby
funding_source_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/e5b8223f-08f7-4a7e-b952-88a773c0df61'

# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
funding_source = app_token.get "#{funding_source_url}/balance"
```

```javascript
var fundingSourceUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/e5b8223f-08f7-4a7e-b952-88a773c0df61";

appToken
  .get(`${fundingSourceUrl}/balance`)
  .then((res) => res.body.balance.amount);
```

```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
funding_source_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/e5b8223f-08f7-4a7e-b952-88a773c0df61'

funding_source = app_token.get('%s/balance' % funding_source_url)
```

```php
<?php
$fundingSourceUrl = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/e5b8223f-08f7-4a7e-b952-88a773c0df61';

$fsApi = new DwollaSwagger\FundingsourcesApi($apiClient);

$fundingSource = $fsApi->getBalance($fundingSourceUrl);
?>
```

## Transfer failures

The amount in a Dwolla balance can be adjusted when a bank transfer failure occurs. In a transaction, if funds fail to process to a destination bank, they will be sent back to a Dwolla Balance.

Funds can also be pulled from a balance funding source in a transfer failure. In the case of transfer failure, funds may be pulled out of a Dwolla balance to fund the transfer. In this case, responsibility falls on you to bring the transfer balance back to zero.

### Transfer failure example

Let’s illustrate a transfer failure with an example:

- Source - Dwolla Master Account’s Bank Funding Source
- Destination - Receive-only User’s Bank Funding Source

In this example, our Receive-only User closes down their bank account while the transaction has a `pending` status.
Rather than the funds clearing to their now-closed bank account, an ACH return will be triggered which pushes these funds back to the Dwolla Master Account balance funding source. It is then up to you on whether your application will prompt your user to add another bank or to make payment to the Receive-Only User outside of Dwolla.

For more information on possible transfer failure scenarios and the Return Codes associated with each, check out the [Transfer Failures](/concepts/transfer-failures) developer resource article.
