pages/concepts/real-time-payments.mdx, before:

---
layout: concepts
title: "Real-time Payments"
description: An overview of Same Day ACH and leveraging next-available processing times for faster transfers.
category: Features
concept:
  icon: "real-time-payments.svg"
meta:
  title: Real-time Payments | Dwolla API Documentation
  description: The Dwolla API enables use of Real-Time payment credit transfers, a feature for platforms looking to offer expedited transfers and improve end-user experience.
---

# Real-time payments

The RTP® Network is a payments system that was launched by The Clearing House in 2017 as the newest payment rail in the U.S. since the advent of the ACH Network. Payment speed and availability are the primary benefits of utilizing the RTP® Network, as businesses can send and receive payments to eligible bank accounts 24/7/365. In addition, RTP® transfers come with other favorable characteristics, such as greater transparency of payment status that provides confirmation of funds availability to the end user sending or receiving a payment.

The core of the Dwolla Platform was built around a simplified connection to the U.S. banking infrastructure for businesses to easily initiate digital payments via the ACH Network. As the Dwolla Platform evolves, RTP® adds a new processing channel for businesses, providing flexible payment capabilities to build within their own applications.

While RTP® and ACH are similar in many ways, there are some key differences:

| ACH                                                                                         | RTP®                                                                                                                |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Sent via the ACH Network operators (either the Federal Reserve Bank or The Clearing House). | Sent via the RTP® Network operator, The Clearing House.                                                             |
| Rules and regulations issued by National Automated Clearing House Association (Nacha).      | Rules and regulations issued by The Clearing House (TCH).                                                           |
| Funds can take 1-3 days to be available.                                                    | Funds made available within seconds.                                                                                |
| Agreed-upon processes for correcting erroneous transactions (i.e. reversal requests).       | Funds are irrevocable once sent (although not guaranteed or required, a request for return of funds may be issued). |

<AlertBar variation="warning">
  RTP® is a premium feature available for Dwolla customers. Enabling RTP® does
  require additional Dwolla approvals before getting started. Please{" "}
  <a href="https://www.dwolla.com/contact?b=apidocs">contact Sales</a> or your
  account manager for more information on enabling this account feature.
</AlertBar>

### Use cases and characteristics

The RTP® Network supports credit “push” transfers, whereas ACH supports credit push as well as debit pull transfers. RTP® is particularly suited to support [disbursement use cases](/guides/send-money). Whether your business is built around B2B, B2C or a combination, you can power your application with RTP®.

- **Balance Funded Transfers** - The RTP® Network is a good funds model, and to initiate transfers through the Dwolla Platform, funds must be available in the sender’s Dwolla [balance](/concepts/balance-funding-source).
- **Credit Sends Only** - RTP® transactions are all credits. The RTP® Network does include “Requests for Payment,” but only a very small number of financial institutions support this, and it still relies on a credit to be initiated by the payer upon receiving the request. As adoption of Request for Payment increases among businesses, we expect more FIs will support this feature.
- **RTP® Enabled Financial Institutions** - More than 56% of FIs support RTP®, with adoption growing at an aggressive pace.

### Identifying an RTP®-enabled Funding Source

On the Dwolla Platform, Funding Sources allow bank accounts to be added or retrieved. Available for both a Dwolla [Master Account](https://docs.dwolla.com/#accounts) and [Customers](https://docs.dwolla.com/#customers) (end-users) resources, funding sources have represented payment accounts used for ACH, Wire, and/or Push-to-Debit activities. Dwolla will be able to identify a bank account as RTP®-enabled upon creation of a Funding Source, so no additional information is needed from your end users or application.

#### Retrieving an RTP®-enabled Funding Source

When [retrieving an existing Funding Source](https://docs.dwolla.com/#retrieve-a-funding-source) resource from the API, the response will contain a “channels” attribute which represents the different capabilities available for transfers. For a bank account, historically the only values available have been “ach” and “wire”. The example below represents how “real-time-payments” is returned within the “channels” array to identify an RTP®-eligible account.

```json
"channels": [
  "ach",
  "real-time-payments"
]
```

### Initiating an RTP® credit transfer

In order to initiate a transfer with RTP® processing, an optional `processingChannel` JSON object must be included in the transfer request. The `processingChannel` object contains the `destination` key with a value of `real-time-payments`. This processingChannel object will be returned when [retrieving the transfer](https://docs.dwolla.com/#retrieve-a-transfer) from the API. Specifying the destination processingChannel with `real-time-payments` will require a permission to be enabled.

The following example assumes the sending party has funds pre-loaded to their `balance` Funding Source and that the destination party has a bank account connected that is RTP®-enabled.

```bash
POST https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Content-Type: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY
Idempotency-Key: 19051a62-3403-11e6-ac61-9e71128cae77

{
    "_links": {
        "source": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7"
        },
        "destination": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ecf993e2-fa22-4cea-8022-c7861200288f"
        }
    },
    "amount": {
        "currency": "USD",
        "value": "10000.00"
    },
    "processingChannel": {
        "destination": "real-time-payments"
    }
}

...

HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Location: https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388
```

```ruby
request_body = {
  :_links => {
    :source => {
      :href => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7"
    },
    :destination => {
      :href => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ecf993e2-fa22-4cea-8022-c7861200288f"
    }
  },
  :amount => {
    :currency => "USD",
    :value => "10000.00"
  },
  :metadata => {
    :paymentId => "12345678",
    :note => "payment for completed work Dec. 1"
  },
  :processingChannel => {
    :destination => "real-time-payments"
  }
}

# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby (Recommended)
transfer = app_token.post "transfers", request_body
transfer.response_headers[:location] # => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388"
```

```php
<?php
$transfersApi = new DwollaSwagger\TransfersApi($apiClient);

$transfer = $transfersApi->create([
  '_links' => [
    'source' => [
      'href' => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7',
    ],
    'destination' => [
      'href' => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ecf993e2-fa22-4cea-8022-c7861200288f'
    ]
  ],
  'amount' => [
    'currency' => 'USD',
    'value' => '10000.00'
  ],

  'processingChannel' => [
    'destination' => 'real-time-payments'
  ]
]);
$transfer; # => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388"
?>
```

```python
request_body = {
  '_links': {
    'source': {
      'href': 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7'
    },
    'destination': {
      'href': 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ecf993e2-fa22-4cea-8022-c7861200288f'
    }
  },
  'amount': {
    'currency': 'USD',
    'value': '10000.00'
  },
  'processingChannel': {
    'destination': 'real-time-payments'
  }
}

# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python (Recommended)
transfer = app_token.post('transfers', request_body)
transfer.headers['location'] # => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388'
```

```javascript
var requestBody = {
  _links: {
    source: {
      href:
        "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7",
    },
    destination: {
      href:
        "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ecf993e2-fa22-4cea-8022-c7861200288f",
    },
  },
  amount: {
    currency: "USD",
    value: "10000.00",
  },
  processingChannel: {
    destination: "real-time-payments",
  },
};

appToken
  .post("transfers", requestBody)
  .then((res) => res.headers.get("location")); // => 'https://api.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388'
```

### Webhook notifications

Webhooks notification events will be processed in the same sequence as an ACH transfer. The primary difference is that once the transfer is created, the completion or failure events will be triggered moments later rather than days. The specific events include -

| Event Topic                              | Description                                               |
| ---------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------- |
| customer_bank_transfer_created           | Sent when the RTP® transfer is created                    |
| customer_bank_transfer_failed            | Sent if the RTP® transfer fails\*                         |
| customer_bank_transfer_completed         | Sent if the RTP® transfer is completed successfully       |
| customer_funding_source_channels_updated | Sent when a funding source is identified as RTP® eligible |

_\*Based on responses from TCH and Cross River Bank, we will provide more descriptive failure reasons._

Commit message:

Added/updated RTP® related webhook events

pages/concepts/real-time-payments.mdx, after:

---
layout: concepts
title: "Real-time Payments"
description: An overview of Same Day ACH and leveraging next-available processing times for faster transfers.
category: Features
concept:
  icon: "real-time-payments.svg"
meta:
  title: Real-time Payments | Dwolla API Documentation
  description: The Dwolla API enables use of Real-Time payment credit transfers, a feature for platforms looking to offer expedited transfers and improve end-user experience.
---

# Real-time payments

The RTP® Network is a payments system that was launched by The Clearing House in 2017 as the newest payment rail in the U.S. since the advent of the ACH Network. Payment speed and availability are the primary benefits of utilizing the RTP® Network, as businesses can send and receive payments to eligible bank accounts 24/7/365. In addition, RTP® transfers come with other favorable characteristics, such as greater transparency of payment status that provides confirmation of funds availability to the end user sending or receiving a payment.

The core of the Dwolla Platform was built around a simplified connection to the U.S. banking infrastructure for businesses to easily initiate digital payments via the ACH Network. As the Dwolla Platform evolves, RTP® adds a new processing channel for businesses, providing flexible payment capabilities to build within their own applications.

While RTP® and ACH are similar in many ways, there are some key differences:

| ACH                                                                                         | RTP®                                                                                                                |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Sent via the ACH Network operators (either the Federal Reserve Bank or The Clearing House). | Sent via the RTP® Network operator, The Clearing House.                                                             |
| Rules and regulations issued by National Automated Clearing House Association (Nacha).      | Rules and regulations issued by The Clearing House (TCH).                                                           |
| Funds can take 1-3 days to be available.                                                    | Funds made available within seconds.                                                                                |
| Agreed-upon processes for correcting erroneous transactions (i.e. reversal requests).       | Funds are irrevocable once sent (although not guaranteed or required, a request for return of funds may be issued). |

<AlertBar variation="warning">
  RTP® is a premium feature available for Dwolla customers. Enabling RTP® does
  require additional Dwolla approvals before getting started. Please{" "}
  <a href="https://www.dwolla.com/contact?b=apidocs">contact Sales</a> or your
  account manager for more information on enabling this account feature.
</AlertBar>

### Use cases and characteristics

The RTP® Network supports credit “push” transfers, whereas ACH supports credit push as well as debit pull transfers. RTP® is particularly suited to support [disbursement use cases](/guides/send-money). Whether your business is built around B2B, B2C or a combination, you can power your application with RTP®.

- **Balance Funded Transfers** - The RTP® Network is a good funds model, and to initiate transfers through the Dwolla Platform, funds must be available in the sender’s Dwolla [balance](/concepts/balance-funding-source).
- **Credit Sends Only** - RTP® transactions are all credits. The RTP® Network does include “Requests for Payment,” but only a very small number of financial institutions support this, and it still relies on a credit to be initiated by the payer upon receiving the request. As adoption of Request for Payment increases among businesses, we expect more FIs will support this feature.
- **RTP® Enabled Financial Institutions** - More than 56% of FIs support RTP®, with adoption growing at an aggressive pace.

### Identifying an RTP®-enabled Funding Source

On the Dwolla Platform, Funding Sources allow bank accounts to be added or retrieved. Available for both a Dwolla [Master Account](https://docs.dwolla.com/#accounts) and [Customers](https://docs.dwolla.com/#customers) (end-users) resources, funding sources have represented payment accounts used for ACH, Wire, and/or Push-to-Debit activities. Dwolla will be able to identify a bank account as RTP®-enabled upon creation of a Funding Source, so no additional information is needed from your end users or application.

#### Retrieving an RTP®-enabled Funding Source

When [retrieving an existing Funding Source](https://docs.dwolla.com/#retrieve-a-funding-source) resource from the API, the response will contain a “channels” attribute which represents the different capabilities available for transfers. For a bank account, historically the only values available have been “ach” and “wire”. The example below represents how “real-time-payments” is returned within the “channels” array to identify an RTP®-eligible account.

```json
"channels": [
  "ach",
  "real-time-payments"
]
```

### Initiating an RTP® credit transfer

In order to initiate a transfer with RTP® processing, an optional `processingChannel` JSON object must be included in the transfer request. The `processingChannel` object contains the `destination` key with a value of `real-time-payments`. This processingChannel object will be returned when [retrieving the transfer](https://docs.dwolla.com/#retrieve-a-transfer) from the API. Specifying the destination processingChannel with `real-time-payments` will require a permission to be enabled.

The following example assumes the sending party has funds pre-loaded to their `balance` Funding Source and that the destination party has a bank account connected that is RTP®-enabled.

```bash
POST https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Content-Type: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY
Idempotency-Key: 19051a62-3403-11e6-ac61-9e71128cae77

{
    "_links": {
        "source": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7"
        },
        "destination": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ecf993e2-fa22-4cea-8022-c7861200288f"
        }
    },
    "amount": {
        "currency": "USD",
        "value": "10000.00"
    },
    "processingChannel": {
        "destination": "real-time-payments"
    }
}

...

HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Location: https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388
```

```ruby
request_body = {
  :_links => {
    :source => {
      :href => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7"
    },
    :destination => {
      :href => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ecf993e2-fa22-4cea-8022-c7861200288f"
    }
  },
  :amount => {
    :currency => "USD",
    :value => "10000.00"
  },
  :metadata => {
    :paymentId => "12345678",
    :note => "payment for completed work Dec. 1"
  },
  :processingChannel => {
    :destination => "real-time-payments"
  }
}

# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby (Recommended)
transfer = app_token.post "transfers", request_body
transfer.response_headers[:location] # => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388"
```

```php
<?php
$transfersApi = new DwollaSwagger\TransfersApi($apiClient);

$transfer = $transfersApi->create([
  '_links' => [
    'source' => [
      'href' => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7',
    ],
    'destination' => [
      'href' => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ecf993e2-fa22-4cea-8022-c7861200288f'
    ]
  ],
  'amount' => [
    'currency' => 'USD',
    'value' => '10000.00'
  ],

  'processingChannel' => [
    'destination' => 'real-time-payments'
  ]
]);
$transfer; # => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388"
?>
```

```python
request_body = {
  '_links': {
    'source': {
      'href': 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7'
    },
    'destination': {
      'href': 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ecf993e2-fa22-4cea-8022-c7861200288f'
    }
  },
  'amount': {
    'currency': 'USD',
    'value': '10000.00'
  },
  'processingChannel': {
    'destination': 'real-time-payments'
  }
}

# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python (Recommended)
transfer = app_token.post('transfers', request_body)
transfer.headers['location'] # => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388'
```

```javascript
var requestBody = {
  _links: {
    source: {
      href:
        "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7",
    },
    destination: {
      href:
        "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ecf993e2-fa22-4cea-8022-c7861200288f",
    },
  },
  amount: {
    currency: "USD",
    value: "10000.00",
  },
  processingChannel: {
    destination: "real-time-payments",
  },
};

appToken
  .post("transfers", requestBody)
  .then((res) => res.headers.get("location")); // => 'https://api.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388'
```

### Webhook notifications

Webhooks notification events will be processed in the same sequence as an ACH transfer. The primary difference is that once the transfer is created, the completion or failure events will be triggered moments later rather than days. The specific events include -

| Event Topic                          | Description                                                                      |
| ------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| customer_bank_transfer_created       | Sent when the RTP® transfer is created                                           |
| customer_bank_transfer_failed        | Sent if the RTP® transfer fails\*                                                |
| customer_bank_transfer_completed     | Sent if the RTP® transfer is completed successfully                              |
| customer_funding_source_rtp_enabled  | Sent when a funding source is identified as RTP® eligible                        |
| customer_funding_source_rtp_disabled | Sent when an RTP® eligible funding source is later identified as RTP® ineligible |

_\*Based on responses from TCH and Cross River Bank, we will provide more descriptive failure reasons._
