pages/concepts/same-day-ach.mdx, before:

---
layout: concepts
title: "Same-Day ACH"
description: An overview of Same Day ACH and leveraging next-available processing times for faster transfers.
category: Features
concept:
  icon: "same-day-ach.svg"
meta:
  title: Same Day ACH | Dwolla API Documentation
  description: The Dwolla API enables the use of Same Day ACH debit and credit transfers, a feature for platforms looking to offer expedited transfers and improve end-user experience.
---

# Same Day ACH

Dwolla enables your application to take advantage of Same Day ACH credit transfers on a [per transfer request](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/transfers/initiate) basis. A `clearing` request parameter is supplied in the request to the Dwolla API which tells Dwolla to expedite clearing for the source or the destination account involved in the transaction. Same Day ACH is a simple and powerful feature for platforms looking to differentiate themselves, streamline cash flows, and improve their end-user experiences.

There are two types of Same Day ACH transfers:

- Same Day Debit - Pulling funds from the source bank account into the Dwolla Network.
- Same Day Credit - Pushing funds into a destination bank account from the Dwolla Network.

A few key differences between Standard ACH and Same Day ACH are:

- Funds are available the **same day**, not days later.
- New payment settlement windows are available.
- A transaction limit of `$100,000` is enforced by NACHA.
- It is more expensive than standard ACH.

#### Same Day ACH processing times and settlement

Your application can initiate a debit or credit transfer with Same Day clearing prior to 1 PM Central Time and funds will be available in the destination account by the end of the day. The table below includes times we have observed for the availability of funds. All times are in Central Time. For more information on the timing of transactions, reference our resource article on [processing times](/concepts/transfer-processing-times).

| Transfer cutoff time | Earliest funds may be available | Latest funds are available\* |
| :------------------: | :-----------------------------: | :--------------------------: |
|       1:00 PM        |             4:00 PM             |           5:00 PM            |

_\*This time is the latest observed clearing to customer accounts, but the Fed only requires funds to be available by the end of the day._

### Creating a Customer and Attaching a Bank Account

Before you can initiate a debit or credit transfer using same-day clearing, you must first have a [Customer created](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/customers/create) and a [funding source](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/funding-sources/create-funding-source-for-customer) attached for the user. If it’s a debit transfer, then the funding source must be `verified` before you can pull funds. For a credit transfer, the funding source can be `unverified` or `verified`.

Once your customer has connected a bank account and/or verified it, you'll then want to store the funding source id (e.g. `https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ecf993e2-fa22-4cea-8022-c7861200288f`) which will be used when specifying the bank account as the either the source or destination href in the request to the [Transfers API](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/transfers/initiate).

### Initiating a Same Day ACH Transfer

In order to initiate a transfer with Same Day ACH processing, an optional `clearing` JSON object must be included in the transfer request. The clearing object contains `source` and `destination` keys with respective values of `standard` or `next-available` and `next-available`.

Specifying the destination clearing as `next-available` will allow requests to default to the earliest available processing window based on the time submitted. In addition, transfers greater than `$100,000` will default to a processing window permitting larger amounts.

#### Initiating a Same Day Debit Transfer

The following example assumes the sending party has a verified funding source. We're receiving a pay-in from a Customer’s funding source to our Dwolla account balance, which represents the Dwolla Network.

```bash
POST https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Content-Type: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY
Idempotency-Key: 19051a62-3403-11e6-ac61-9e71128cae77

{
    "_links": {
        "source": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7"
        },
        "destination": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ecf993e2-fa22-4cea-8022-c7861200288f"
        }
    },
    "amount": {
        "currency": "USD",
        "value": "10000.00"
    },
    "clearing": {
        "source": "next-available"
    }
}

...

HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Location: https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388
```

```ruby
request_body = {
  :_links => {
    :source => {
      :href => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7"
    },
    :destination => {
      :href => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ecf993e2-fa22-4cea-8022-c7861200288f"
    }
  },
  :amount => {
    :currency => "USD",
    :value => "10000.00"
  },
  :clearing => {
    :source => "next-available"
  }
}

# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby (Recommended)
transfer = app_token.post "transfers", request_body
transfer.response_headers[:location] # => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388"
```

```php
<?php
$transfersApi = new DwollaSwagger\TransfersApi($apiClient);

$transfer = $transfersApi->create([
  '_links' => [
    'source' => [
      'href' => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7',
    ],
    'destination' => [
      'href' => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ecf993e2-fa22-4cea-8022-c7861200288f'
    ]
  ],
  'amount' => [
    'currency' => 'USD',
    'value' => '10000.00'
  ],

  'clearing' => [
    'source' => 'next-available'
  ]
]);
$transfer; # => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388"
?>
```

```python
request_body = {
  '_links': {
    'source': {
      'href': 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7'
    },
    'destination': {
      'href': 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ecf993e2-fa22-4cea-8022-c7861200288f'
    }
  },
  'amount': {
    'currency': 'USD',
    'value': '10000.00'
  },
  'clearing': {
    'source': 'next-available'
  }
}

# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python (Recommended)
transfer = app_token.post('transfers', request_body)
transfer.headers['location'] # => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388'
```

```javascript
var requestBody = {
  _links: {
    source: {
      href:
        "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7",
    },
    destination: {
      href:
        "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ecf993e2-fa22-4cea-8022-c7861200288f",
    },
  },
  amount: {
    currency: "USD",
    value: "10000.00",
  },
  clearing: {
    source: "next-available",
  },
};

dwolla
  .post("transfers", requestBody)
  .then((res) => res.headers.get("location")); // => 'https://api.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388'
```

#### Initiating a Same Day Credit Transfer

The following example assumes the sending party has a verified account and a verified funding source. We're sending a payout from our Dwolla account balance to our Customer’s funding source which represents the receiving bank account.

```bash
POST https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Content-Type: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY
Idempotency-Key: 19051a62-3403-11e6-ac61-9e71128cae77

{
    "_links": {
        "source": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7"
        },
        "destination": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ecf993e2-fa22-4cea-8022-c7861200288f"
        }
    },
    "amount": {
        "currency": "USD",
        "value": "10000.00"
    },
    "clearing": {
        "destination": "next-available"
    }
}

...

HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Location: https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388
```

```ruby
request_body = {
  :_links => {
    :source => {
      :href => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7"
    },
    :destination => {
      :href => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ecf993e2-fa22-4cea-8022-c7861200288f"
    }
  },
  :amount => {
    :currency => "USD",
    :value => "10000.00"
  },
  :metadata => {
    :paymentId => "12345678",
    :note => "payment for completed work Dec. 1"
  },
  :clearing => {
    :destination => "next-available"
  }
}

# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby (Recommended)
transfer = app_token.post "transfers", request_body
transfer.response_headers[:location] # => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388"
```

```php
<?php
$transfersApi = new DwollaSwagger\TransfersApi($apiClient);

$transfer = $transfersApi->create([
  '_links' => [
    'source' => [
      'href' => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7',
    ],
    'destination' => [
      'href' => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ecf993e2-fa22-4cea-8022-c7861200288f'
    ]
  ],
  'amount' => [
    'currency' => 'USD',
    'value' => '10000.00'
  ],

  'clearing' => [
    'destination' => 'next-available'
  ]
]);
$transfer; # => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388"
?>
```

```python
request_body = {
  '_links': {
    'source': {
      'href': 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7'
    },
    'destination': {
      'href': 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ecf993e2-fa22-4cea-8022-c7861200288f'
    }
  },
  'amount': {
    'currency': 'USD',
    'value': '10000.00'
  },
  'clearing': {
    'destination': 'next-available'
  }
}

# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python (Recommended)
transfer = app_token.post('transfers', request_body)
transfer.headers['location'] # => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388'
```

```javascript
var requestBody = {
  _links: {
    source: {
      href:
        "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7",
    },
    destination: {
      href:
        "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ecf993e2-fa22-4cea-8022-c7861200288f",
    },
  },
  amount: {
    currency: "USD",
    value: "10000.00",
  },
  clearing: {
    destination: "next-available",
  },
};

dwolla
  .post("transfers", requestBody)
  .then((res) => res.headers.get("location")); // => 'https://api.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388'
```

### Retrieving a Transfer With Same Day Clearing

When retrieving the [transfer from the API](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/transfers/retrieve), the response should contain the clearing object with a `source` or `destination` key and a value of either `same-day` or `next-day` depending on if the transfer was initiated prior to the last same day processing window and the transfer amount is less than `$100,000` (as mentioned above).

#### Retrieving a Same Day Debit Transfer

```bash
GET https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY

...

{
  "_links": {
    "source": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/accounts/ad5f2162-404a-4c4c-994e-6ab6c3a13254",
      "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
      "resource-type": "account"
    },
    "destination-funding-source": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ecf993e2-fa22-4cea-8022-c7861200288f",
      "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
      "resource-type": "funding-source"
    },
    "self": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388",
      "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
      "resource-type": "transfer"
    },
    "funded-transfer": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/646de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388",
      "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
      "resource-type": "transfer"
    },
    "source-funding-source": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7",
      "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
      "resource-type": "funding-source"
    },
    "destination": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/99dd22de-6ec6-4ba1-a0d1-09eb169a4bb1",
      "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
      "resource-type": "customer"
    }
  },
  "id": "636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388",
  "status": "processed",
  "amount": {
    "value": "10000.00",
    "currency": "usd"
  },
  "created": "2017-03-06T14:57:56.803Z",
  "clearing": {
    "source": "same-day"
  }
}
```

```ruby
transfer_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388'

# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby (Recommended)
transfer = app_token.get transfer_url
transfer.status # => "processed"
```

```php
<?php
$transferUrl = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388';

$transfersApi = new DwollaSwagger\TransfersApi($apiClient);

$transfer = $transfersApi->byId($transferUrl);
$transfer->status; # => "processed"
?>
```

```python
transfer_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388'

# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python (Recommended)
transfer = app_token.get(transfer_url)
transfer.body['status'] # => 'processed'
```

```javascript
var transferUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388";

dwolla.get(transferUrl).then((res) => res.body.status); // => 'processed'
```

#### Retrieving a Same Day Credit Transfer

```bash
GET https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY

...

{
  "_links": {
    "source": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/accounts/ad5f2162-404a-4c4c-994e-6ab6c3a13254",
      "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
      "resource-type": "account"
    },
    "destination-funding-source": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ecf993e2-fa22-4cea-8022-c7861200288f",
      "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
      "resource-type": "funding-source"
    },
    "self": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388",
      "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
      "resource-type": "transfer"
    },
    "funded-transfer": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/646de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388",
      "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
      "resource-type": "transfer"
    },
    "source-funding-source": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7",
      "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
      "resource-type": "funding-source"
    },
    "destination": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/99dd22de-6ec6-4ba1-a0d1-09eb169a4bb1",
      "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
      "resource-type": "customer"
    }
  },
  "id": "636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388",
  "status": "processed",
  "amount": {
    "value": "10000.00",
    "currency": "usd"
  },
  "created": "2017-03-06T14:57:56.803Z",
  "clearing": {
    "destination": "same-day"
  }
}
```

```ruby
transfer_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388'

# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby (Recommended)
transfer = app_token.get transfer_url
transfer.status # => "processed"
```

```php
<?php
$transferUrl = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388';

$transfersApi = new DwollaSwagger\TransfersApi($apiClient);

$transfer = $transfersApi->byId($transferUrl);
$transfer->status; # => "processed"
?>
```

```python
transfer_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388'

# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python (Recommended)
transfer = app_token.get(transfer_url)
transfer.body['status'] # => 'processed'
```

```javascript
var transferUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388";

dwolla.get(transferUrl).then((res) => res.body.status); // => 'processed'
```

Commit message:

Meta-title, description, and Same-day limit updates (#321)
Additional Same-day windows

pages/concepts/same-day-ach.mdx, after:

---
layout: concepts
title: "Same-Day ACH"
description: An overview of Same Day ACH and leveraging next-available processing times for faster transfers.
category: Features
concept:
  icon: "same-day-ach.svg"
meta:
  title: Faster Payment API | API for Faster ACH Payments | Dwolla API
  description: Choose a faster payment API to take advantage of Same Day ACH debit or credit transactions on a per transfer request basis. Get started with an API for faster payments today!
---

# Same Day ACH

Use the Dwolla API for faster payments to enable your application to take advantage of [Same Day ACH](https://www.dwolla.com/features/same-day-ach/) credit or debit transfers on a [per transfer request](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/transfers/initiate) basis. A `clearing` request parameter is supplied in the request to the Dwolla API which tells Dwolla to expedite clearing for the source or the destination account involved in the transaction. Same Day ACH is a simple and powerful feature for platforms looking to differentiate themselves, streamline cash flows, and improve their end-user experiences.

There are two types of Same Day ACH transfers:

- Same Day Debit - Pulling funds from the source bank account into the Dwolla Network.
- Same Day Credit - Pushing funds into a destination bank account from the Dwolla Network.

A few key differences between Standard ACH and Same Day ACH are:

- Funds are available the **same day**, not days later.
- New payment settlement windows are available.
- A [transaction limit of `$1 million`](https://www.dwolla.com/updates/same-day-ach-transaction-limits/) is enforced by NACHA.
- Same Day ACH transactions are more expensive than standard ACH.
- Use of Dwolla’s faster payments and higher transaction limits may require additional risk and compliance review.

#### Same Day ACH with a Faster Payment API

The table below includes transfer cutoff times for Same Day ACH along with the timing of when the funds are expected to be available at the destination account. For example, your application can initiate a debit or credit transfer with Same Day clearing prior to 3 PM Central Time and funds will be available in the destination account by the end of the same business day. For more information on the timing of transactions, reference our resource article on [transaction timelines](https://www.dwolla.com/resources/understanding-payment-transfer-timelines/).

| Transfer cutoff time | Availability of funds |
| :------------------: | :-------------------: |
|       9:00 AM        |       11:30 AM        |
|       1:00 PM        |        5:00 PM        |
|       3:00 PM        |        5:00 PM        |

_All times are in Central Time._

### Creating a Customer and Attaching a Bank Account

Before you can initiate a debit or credit transfer using same-day clearing, you must first have a [Customer created](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/customers/create) and a [funding source](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/funding-sources/create-funding-source-for-customer) attached for the user. If it’s a debit transfer, then the funding source must be `verified` before you can pull funds. For a credit transfer, the funding source can be `unverified` or `verified`.

Once your customer has connected a bank account and/or verified it, you'll then want to store the funding source id (e.g. `https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ecf993e2-fa22-4cea-8022-c7861200288f`) which will be used when specifying the bank account as the either the source or destination href in the request to the [Transfers API](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/transfers/initiate).

### Initiating a Same Day ACH Transfer

In order to initiate a transfer with Same Day ACH processing, an optional `clearing` JSON object must be included in the transfer request. The clearing object contains `source` and `destination` keys with respective values of `standard` or `next-available` and `next-available`.

Specifying the destination clearing as `next-available` will allow requests to default to the earliest available processing window based on the time submitted. In addition, transfers greater than `$1 million` will default to a processing window permitting larger amounts.

#### Initiating a Same Day Debit Transfer

The following example assumes the sending party has a verified funding source. We're receiving a pay-in from a Customer’s funding source to our Dwolla account balance, which represents the Dwolla Network.

```bash
POST https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Content-Type: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY
Idempotency-Key: 19051a62-3403-11e6-ac61-9e71128cae77

{
    "_links": {
        "source": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7"
        },
        "destination": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ecf993e2-fa22-4cea-8022-c7861200288f"
        }
    },
    "amount": {
        "currency": "USD",
        "value": "10000.00"
    },
    "clearing": {
        "source": "next-available"
    }
}

...

HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Location: https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388
```

```ruby
request_body = {
  :_links => {
    :source => {
      :href => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7"
    },
    :destination => {
      :href => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ecf993e2-fa22-4cea-8022-c7861200288f"
    }
  },
  :amount => {
    :currency => "USD",
    :value => "10000.00"
  },
  :clearing => {
    :source => "next-available"
  }
}

# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby (Recommended)
transfer = app_token.post "transfers", request_body
transfer.response_headers[:location] # => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388"
```

```php
<?php
$transfersApi = new DwollaSwagger\TransfersApi($apiClient);

$transfer = $transfersApi->create([
  '_links' => [
    'source' => [
      'href' => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7',
    ],
    'destination' => [
      'href' => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ecf993e2-fa22-4cea-8022-c7861200288f'
    ]
  ],
  'amount' => [
    'currency' => 'USD',
    'value' => '10000.00'
  ],

  'clearing' => [
    'source' => 'next-available'
  ]
]);
$transfer; # => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388"
?>
```

```python
request_body = {
  '_links': {
    'source': {
      'href': 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7'
    },
    'destination': {
      'href': 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ecf993e2-fa22-4cea-8022-c7861200288f'
    }
  },
  'amount': {
    'currency': 'USD',
    'value': '10000.00'
  },
  'clearing': {
    'source': 'next-available'
  }
}

# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python (Recommended)
transfer = app_token.post('transfers', request_body)
transfer.headers['location'] # => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388'
```

```javascript
var requestBody = {
  _links: {
    source: {
      href:
        "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7",
    },
    destination: {
      href:
        "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ecf993e2-fa22-4cea-8022-c7861200288f",
    },
  },
  amount: {
    currency: "USD",
    value: "10000.00",
  },
  clearing: {
    source: "next-available",
  },
};

dwolla
  .post("transfers", requestBody)
  .then((res) => res.headers.get("location")); // => 'https://api.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388'
```

#### Initiating a Same Day Credit Transfer

The following example assumes the sending party has a verified account and a verified funding source. We're sending a payout from our Dwolla account balance to our Customer’s funding source which represents the receiving bank account.

```bash
POST https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Content-Type: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY
Idempotency-Key: 19051a62-3403-11e6-ac61-9e71128cae77

{
    "_links": {
        "source": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7"
        },
        "destination": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ecf993e2-fa22-4cea-8022-c7861200288f"
        }
    },
    "amount": {
        "currency": "USD",
        "value": "10000.00"
    },
    "clearing": {
        "destination": "next-available"
    }
}

...

HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Location: https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388
```

```ruby
request_body = {
  :_links => {
    :source => {
      :href => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7"
    },
    :destination => {
      :href => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ecf993e2-fa22-4cea-8022-c7861200288f"
    }
  },
  :amount => {
    :currency => "USD",
    :value => "10000.00"
  },
  :metadata => {
    :paymentId => "12345678",
    :note => "payment for completed work Dec. 1"
  },
  :clearing => {
    :destination => "next-available"
  }
}

# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby (Recommended)
transfer = app_token.post "transfers", request_body
transfer.response_headers[:location] # => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388"
```

```php
<?php
$transfersApi = new DwollaSwagger\TransfersApi($apiClient);

$transfer = $transfersApi->create([
  '_links' => [
    'source' => [
      'href' => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7',
    ],
    'destination' => [
      'href' => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ecf993e2-fa22-4cea-8022-c7861200288f'
    ]
  ],
  'amount' => [
    'currency' => 'USD',
    'value' => '10000.00'
  ],

  'clearing' => [
    'destination' => 'next-available'
  ]
]);
$transfer; # => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388"
?>
```

```python
request_body = {
  '_links': {
    'source': {
      'href': 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7'
    },
    'destination': {
      'href': 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ecf993e2-fa22-4cea-8022-c7861200288f'
    }
  },
  'amount': {
    'currency': 'USD',
    'value': '10000.00'
  },
  'clearing': {
    'destination': 'next-available'
  }
}

# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python (Recommended)
transfer = app_token.post('transfers', request_body)
transfer.headers['location'] # => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388'
```

```javascript
var requestBody = {
  _links: {
    source: {
      href:
        "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7",
    },
    destination: {
      href:
        "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ecf993e2-fa22-4cea-8022-c7861200288f",
    },
  },
  amount: {
    currency: "USD",
    value: "10000.00",
  },
  clearing: {
    destination: "next-available",
  },
};

dwolla
  .post("transfers", requestBody)
  .then((res) => res.headers.get("location")); // => 'https://api.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388'
```

### Retrieving a Transfer With Same Day Clearing

When retrieving the [transfer from the API](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/transfers/retrieve), the response should contain the clearing object with a `source` or `destination` key and a value of either `same-day` or `next-day` depending on if the transfer was initiated prior to the last same day processing window and the transfer amount is less than `$1 million` (as mentioned above).

#### Retrieving a Same Day Debit Transfer

```bash
GET https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY

...

{
  "_links": {
    "source": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/accounts/ad5f2162-404a-4c4c-994e-6ab6c3a13254",
      "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
      "resource-type": "account"
    },
    "destination-funding-source": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ecf993e2-fa22-4cea-8022-c7861200288f",
      "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
      "resource-type": "funding-source"
    },
    "self": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388",
      "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
      "resource-type": "transfer"
    },
    "funded-transfer": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/646de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388",
      "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
      "resource-type": "transfer"
    },
    "source-funding-source": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7",
      "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
      "resource-type": "funding-source"
    },
    "destination": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/99dd22de-6ec6-4ba1-a0d1-09eb169a4bb1",
      "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
      "resource-type": "customer"
    }
  },
  "id": "636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388",
  "status": "processed",
  "amount": {
    "value": "10000.00",
    "currency": "usd"
  },
  "created": "2017-03-06T14:57:56.803Z",
  "clearing": {
    "source": "same-day"
  }
}
```

```ruby
transfer_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388'

# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby (Recommended)
transfer = app_token.get transfer_url
transfer.status # => "processed"
```

```php
<?php
$transferUrl = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388';

$transfersApi = new DwollaSwagger\TransfersApi($apiClient);

$transfer = $transfersApi->byId($transferUrl);
$transfer->status; # => "processed"
?>
```

```python
transfer_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388'

# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python (Recommended)
transfer = app_token.get(transfer_url)
transfer.body['status'] # => 'processed'
```

```javascript
var transferUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388";

dwolla.get(transferUrl).then((res) => res.body.status); // => 'processed'
```

#### Retrieving a Same Day Credit Transfer

```bash
GET https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY

...

{
  "_links": {
    "source": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/accounts/ad5f2162-404a-4c4c-994e-6ab6c3a13254",
      "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
      "resource-type": "account"
    },
    "destination-funding-source": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/ecf993e2-fa22-4cea-8022-c7861200288f",
      "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
      "resource-type": "funding-source"
    },
    "self": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388",
      "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
      "resource-type": "transfer"
    },
    "funded-transfer": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/646de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388",
      "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
      "resource-type": "transfer"
    },
    "source-funding-source": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/b268f6b9-db3b-4ecc-83a2-8823a53ec8b7",
      "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
      "resource-type": "funding-source"
    },
    "destination": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/99dd22de-6ec6-4ba1-a0d1-09eb169a4bb1",
      "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
      "resource-type": "customer"
    }
  },
  "id": "636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388",
  "status": "processed",
  "amount": {
    "value": "10000.00",
    "currency": "usd"
  },
  "created": "2017-03-06T14:57:56.803Z",
  "clearing": {
    "destination": "same-day"
  }
}
```

```ruby
transfer_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388'

# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby (Recommended)
transfer = app_token.get transfer_url
transfer.status # => "processed"
```

```php
<?php
$transferUrl = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388';

$transfersApi = new DwollaSwagger\TransfersApi($apiClient);

$transfer = $transfersApi->byId($transferUrl);
$transfer->status; # => "processed"
?>
```

```python
transfer_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388'

# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python (Recommended)
transfer = app_token.get(transfer_url)
transfer.body['status'] # => 'processed'
```

```javascript
var transferUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/transfers/636de847-7d02-e711-80ee-0aa34a9b2388";

dwolla.get(transferUrl).then((res) => res.body.status); // => 'processed'
```
