pages/docs/balance/api-reference/funding-sources/retrieve-funding-source-balance.mdx, before:

---
layout: guides
product: balance
title: "Retrieve a funding source balance"
guide:
  step: 8
meta:
  title: "Retrieve a Funding Source Balance | Dwolla API Documentation"
---

# Retrieve a funding source balance

This section covers how to retrieve the total and available amount for a [Dwolla balance](https://developers.dwolla.com/concepts/balance-funding-source) funding source. The funding source type `balance` exists for [Verified Customer](https://developers.dwolla.com/concepts/customer-types#verified-customer) accounts and represents a balance held in the Dwolla network.

#### Total and Available Balance

There are two different amounts returned in the API response when retrieving a balance which correspond to a `total` and `available` balance. **Note:** Unless your application utilizes [Labels](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/labels) functionality, the amounts that are returned in both the `balance` and `total` objects will be the same. Available balance can be accessed via the `balance` attribute, whereas total balance can be accessed via the `total` attribute within the Balance object. Both `balance` and `total` are JSON objects that contain key value pairs for `value` and `currency`.

##### Available Balance

The amount of funds readily available in a Verified Customer Record’s balance that can be sent, withdrawn, or [labeled](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/labels).

##### Total Balance

Represents the Verified Customer Record’s total balance held in the Dwolla network. This includes both [labeled](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/labels) funds and the Available Balance, i.e. both labeled and unlabeled funds.

### HTTP request

> `GET https://api.dwolla.com/funding-sources/{id}/balance`

### Request parameters

| Parameter | Required | Type   | Description                                     |
| --------- | -------- | ------ | ----------------------------------------------- |
| id        | yes      | string | id of funding source to retrieve a balance for. |

### HTTP status and error codes

| HTTP Status | Code     | Description               |
| ----------- | -------- | ------------------------- |
| 404         | NotFound | Funding source not found. |

### Request and response

```bash
GET https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/c2eb3f03-1b0e-4d18-a4a2-e552cc111418/balance
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY

{
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/c2eb3f03-1b0e-4d18-a4a2-e552cc111418/balance",
      "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
      "resource-type": "balance"
    },
    "funding-source": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/c2eb3f03-1b0e-4d18-a4a2-e552cc111418",
      "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
      "resource-type": "funding-source"
    }
  },
  "balance": {
    "value": "4616.87",
    "currency": "USD"
  },
  "total": {
      "value": "4616.87",
      "currency": "USD"
  },
  "lastUpdated": "2017-04-18T15:20:25.880Z"
}
```

```ruby
# Using dwolla_v2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
funding_source_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/c2eb3f03-1b0e-4d18-a4a2-e552cc111418'

funding_source = app_token.get "#{funding_source_url}/balance"
```

```php
<?php
// Using dwollaswagger - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-swagger-php
$fundingSourceUrl = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/c2eb3f03-1b0e-4d18-a4a2-e552cc111418';

$fsApi = new DwollaSwagger\FundingsourcesApi($apiClient);

$fundingSource = $fsApi->getBalance($fundingSourceUrl);
?>
```

```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
funding_source_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/c2eb3f03-1b0e-4d18-a4a2-e552cc111418'

funding_source = app_token.get('%s/balance' % funding_source_url)
```

```javascript
// Using dwolla-v2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-node
var fundingSourceUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/c2eb3f03-1b0e-4d18-a4a2-e552cc111418";

dwolla.get(`${fundingSourceUrl}/balance`).then((res) => res.body.balance.value);
```

Commit message:

add bank balance check endpoint docs (#625)
Co-authored-by: Shreya <44006085+ShreyaThapa@users.noreply.github.com>

pages/docs/balance/api-reference/funding-sources/retrieve-funding-source-balance.mdx, after:

---
layout: guides
product: balance
title: "Retrieve a Dwolla wallet balance"
guide:
  step: 8
meta:
  title: "Retrieve a Dwolla Wallet Balance | Dwolla API Documentation"
---

# Retrieve a Dwolla wallet balance

This section covers how to retrieve the total and available amount for a [Dwolla balance](https://developers.dwolla.com/concepts/balance-funding-source) funding source. The funding source type `balance` exists for [Verified Customer](https://developers.dwolla.com/concepts/customer-types#verified-customer) accounts and represents a balance held in the Dwolla network.

A Dwolla Wallet Balance, also referred to as [Dwolla Balance](https://developers.dwolla.com/docs/balance/balance-funding-source), is a funding source within the Dwolla platform that can be utilized like a "wallet" for holding a stored value of USD funds. It is made available for account types that have completed "KYC" requirements, which includes clients of Dwolla and their end users that have been on-boarded as Verified Customers. All funds held in a Dwolla Balance are held by Dwolla’s financial institution partner(s) and not by Dwolla.

#### Total and Available Balance

There are two different amounts returned in the API response when retrieving a balance which correspond to a `total` and `available` balance. **Note:** Unless your application utilizes [Labels](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/labels) functionality, the amounts that are returned in both the `balance` and `total` objects will be the same. Available balance can be accessed via the `balance` attribute, whereas total balance can be accessed via the `total` attribute within the Balance object. Both `balance` and `total` are JSON objects that contain key value pairs for `value` and `currency`.

##### Available Balance

The amount of funds readily available in a Verified Customer Record’s balance that can be sent, withdrawn, or [labeled](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/labels).

##### Total Balance

Represents the Verified Customer Record’s total balance held in the Dwolla network. This includes both [labeled](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/labels) funds and the Available Balance, i.e. both labeled and unlabeled funds.

### HTTP request

> `GET https://api.dwolla.com/funding-sources/{id}/balance`

### Request parameters

| Parameter | Required | Type   | Description                                     |
| --------- | -------- | ------ | ----------------------------------------------- |
| id        | yes      | string | id of funding source to retrieve a balance for. |

### HTTP status and error codes

| HTTP Status | Code     | Description               |
| ----------- | -------- | ------------------------- |
| 404         | NotFound | Funding source not found. |

### Request and response

```bash
GET https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/c2eb3f03-1b0e-4d18-a4a2-e552cc111418/balance
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY

{
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/c2eb3f03-1b0e-4d18-a4a2-e552cc111418/balance",
      "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
      "resource-type": "balance"
    },
    "funding-source": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/c2eb3f03-1b0e-4d18-a4a2-e552cc111418",
      "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
      "resource-type": "funding-source"
    }
  },
  "balance": {
    "value": "4616.87",
    "currency": "USD"
  },
  "total": {
      "value": "4616.87",
      "currency": "USD"
  },
  "lastUpdated": "2017-04-18T15:20:25.880Z"
}
```

```ruby
# Using dwolla_v2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
funding_source_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/c2eb3f03-1b0e-4d18-a4a2-e552cc111418'

funding_source = app_token.get "#{funding_source_url}/balance"
```

```php
<?php
// Using dwollaswagger - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-swagger-php
$fundingSourceUrl = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/c2eb3f03-1b0e-4d18-a4a2-e552cc111418';

$fsApi = new DwollaSwagger\FundingsourcesApi($apiClient);

$fundingSource = $fsApi->getBalance($fundingSourceUrl);
?>
```

```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
funding_source_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/c2eb3f03-1b0e-4d18-a4a2-e552cc111418'

funding_source = app_token.get('%s/balance' % funding_source_url)
```

```javascript
// Using dwolla-v2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-node
var fundingSourceUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/c2eb3f03-1b0e-4d18-a4a2-e552cc111418";

dwolla.get(`${fundingSourceUrl}/balance`).then((res) => res.body.balance.value);
```
