pages/docs/balance/api-reference/funding-sources/verify-micro-deposits.mdx, before:

---
layout: guides
product: balance
title: "Verify micro-deposits"
guide:
  step: 7
meta:
  title: "Verify Micro Deposits for bank verification | Dwolla API Documentation"
---

# Verify micro-deposits

This section covers how to verify micro-deposits for bank verification. Reference the [funding source verification](https://developers.dwolla.com/concepts/bank-funding-source#bank-addition--verification-methods) resource article for more information on the micro-deposit method of bank account verification. **Note:** Micro-deposits do not expire. Micro-deposits can be verified anytime in the future after they have a `processed` status in the Dwolla system.

### HTTP request

> `POST https://api.dwolla.com/funding-sources/{id}/micro-deposits`

### Request parameters

| Parameter | Required | Type   | Description                                                                     |
| --------- | -------- | ------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| id        | yes      | string | id of funding source to verify micro-deposits on.                               |
| amount1   | yes      | string | An amount JSON object of first micro-deposit. Contains `value` and `currency`.  |
| amount2   | yes      | string | An amount JSON object of second micro-deposit. Contains `value` and `currency`. |

### HTTP status and error codes

| HTTP Status | Code                 | Description                                                                                                                                          |
| ----------- | -------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 200         | OK                   | Micro-deposits successfully verified.                                                                                                                |
| 202         | TryAgainLater        | Micro-deposits have not have not settled to destination bank. A Customer can verify these amounts after micro-deposits have processed to their bank. |
| 400         | ValidationError      | InvalidAmount, "Wrong amount(s)."                                                                                                                    |
| 400         | MaxNumberOfResources | Micro-deposits already initiated for this funding source.                                                                                            |
| 403         | InvalidResourceState | "Too many attempts.", "Bank already verified."                                                                                                       |
| 404         | NotFound             | Micro-deposits not initiated,Funding source not found                                                                                                |
| 500         | Unknown              | "Verify micro-deposits returned an unknown error."                                                                                                   |

### Request and response

```bash
POST https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/e52006c3-7560-4ff1-99d5-b0f3a6f4f909/micro-deposits
Authorization: Bearer 8tJjM7iTjujLthkbVPMUcHLqMNw4uv5kG712g9j1RRBHplGpwo
Content-Type: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json

{
    "amount1": {
        "value": "0.03",
        "currency": "USD"
    },
    "amount2": {
        "value": "0.09",
        "currency": "USD"
    }
}

HTTP 200 OK
```

```ruby
# Using dwolla_v2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
funding_source_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/e52006c3-7560-4ff1-99d5-b0f3a6f4f909'
request_body = {
  :amount1 => {
    :value => "0.03",
    :currency => "USD"
  },
  :amount2 => {
    :value => "0.09",
    :currency => "USD"
  }
}

app_token.post "#{funding_source_url}/micro-deposits", request_body
```

```javascript
// Using dwolla-v2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-node
var fundingSourceUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/e52006c3-7560-4ff1-99d5-b0f3a6f4f909";
var requestBody = {
  amount1: {
    value: "0.03",
    currency: "USD",
  },
  amount2: {
    value: "0.09",
    currency: "USD",
  },
};

dwolla.post(`${fundingSourceUrl}/micro-deposits`, requestBody);
```

```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
funding_source_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/e52006c3-7560-4ff1-99d5-b0f3a6f4f909'
request_body = {
    'amount1': {
        'value': '0.03',
        'currency': 'USD'
    },
    'amount2': {
        'value': '0.09',
        'currency': 'USD'
    }
}

app_token.post('%s/micro-deposits' % funding_source_url, request_body)
```

```php
<?php
// Using dwollaswagger - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-swagger-php
$fundingSourceUrl = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/e52006c3-7560-4ff1-99d5-b0f3a6f4f909';

$fsApi = new DwollaSwagger\FundingsourcesApi($apiClient);

$fsApi->microDeposits([
  'amount1' => [
    'value' => '0.03',
    'currency' => 'USD'
  ],
  'amount2' => [
    'value' => '0.09',
    'currency' => 'USD'
  ]],
  $fundingSourceUrl
);
?>
```

Commit message:

clarify micro-deposit Invalid error codes and messages (#615)

pages/docs/balance/api-reference/funding-sources/verify-micro-deposits.mdx, after:

---
layout: guides
product: balance
title: "Verify micro-deposits"
guide:
  step: 7
meta:
  title: "Verify Micro Deposits for bank verification | Dwolla API Documentation"
---

# Verify micro-deposits

This section covers how to verify micro-deposits for bank verification. Reference the [funding source verification](https://developers.dwolla.com/concepts/bank-funding-source#bank-addition--verification-methods) resource article for more information on the micro-deposit method of bank account verification. **Note:** Micro-deposits do not expire. Micro-deposits can be verified anytime in the future after they have a `processed` status in the Dwolla system.

### HTTP request

> `POST https://api.dwolla.com/funding-sources/{id}/micro-deposits`

### Request parameters

| Parameter | Required | Type   | Description                                                                     |
| --------- | -------- | ------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| id        | yes      | string | id of funding source to verify micro-deposits on.                               |
| amount1   | yes      | string | An amount JSON object of first micro-deposit. Contains `value` and `currency`.  |
| amount2   | yes      | string | An amount JSON object of second micro-deposit. Contains `value` and `currency`. |

### HTTP status and error codes

| HTTP Status | Code                 | Message                                                   | Description                                                                                                                                                 |
| ----------- | -------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 200         | OK                   |                                                           | Micro-deposits successfully verified.                                                                                                                       |
| 202         | TryAgainLater        |                                                           | Micro-deposits have not have not processed to destination bank. A Customer can verify these amounts after micro-deposits have processed to their bank.      |
| 400         | Invalid              | Invalid amount.                                           | ValidationError. The submitted amount value was > 0.15 and does not match the amount sent for the initiated micro-deposit.                                  |
| 400         | Invalid              | Wrong amount(s).                                          | ValidationError. The submitted amount value was >= $0.01 and <= $.09, but does not match the amount sent for the initiated micro-deposit.                   |
| 400         | MaxNumberOfResources | Micro-deposits already initiated for this funding source. | Micro-deposits already initiated for this funding source.                                                                                                   |
| 403         | InvalidResourceState | Too many attempts.                                        | The maximum number of verification attempts has been reached. A customer is allowed three attempts to correctly input the two posted micro-deposit amounts. |
| 403         | InvalidResourceState | Bank already verified.                                    | The bank account you're trying to verify has already been verified.                                                                                         |
| 404         | NotFound             | The requested resource was not found.                     | Either micro-deposits have not been initiated for the specified funding source, or the funding source itself was not found.                                 |

### Request and response

```bash
POST https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/e52006c3-7560-4ff1-99d5-b0f3a6f4f909/micro-deposits
Authorization: Bearer 8tJjM7iTjujLthkbVPMUcHLqMNw4uv5kG712g9j1RRBHplGpwo
Content-Type: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json

{
    "amount1": {
        "value": "0.03",
        "currency": "USD"
    },
    "amount2": {
        "value": "0.09",
        "currency": "USD"
    }
}

HTTP 200 OK
```

```ruby
# Using dwolla_v2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
funding_source_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/e52006c3-7560-4ff1-99d5-b0f3a6f4f909'
request_body = {
  :amount1 => {
    :value => "0.03",
    :currency => "USD"
  },
  :amount2 => {
    :value => "0.09",
    :currency => "USD"
  }
}

app_token.post "#{funding_source_url}/micro-deposits", request_body
```

```javascript
// Using dwolla-v2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-node
var fundingSourceUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/e52006c3-7560-4ff1-99d5-b0f3a6f4f909";
var requestBody = {
  amount1: {
    value: "0.03",
    currency: "USD",
  },
  amount2: {
    value: "0.09",
    currency: "USD",
  },
};

dwolla.post(`${fundingSourceUrl}/micro-deposits`, requestBody);
```

```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
funding_source_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/e52006c3-7560-4ff1-99d5-b0f3a6f4f909'
request_body = {
    'amount1': {
        'value': '0.03',
        'currency': 'USD'
    },
    'amount2': {
        'value': '0.09',
        'currency': 'USD'
    }
}

app_token.post('%s/micro-deposits' % funding_source_url, request_body)
```

```php
<?php
// Using dwollaswagger - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-swagger-php
$fundingSourceUrl = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/funding-sources/e52006c3-7560-4ff1-99d5-b0f3a6f4f909';

$fsApi = new DwollaSwagger\FundingsourcesApi($apiClient);

$fsApi->microDeposits([
  'amount1' => [
    'value' => '0.03',
    'currency' => 'USD'
  ],
  'amount2' => [
    'value' => '0.09',
    'currency' => 'USD'
  ]],
  $fundingSourceUrl
);
?>
```
