pages/api-reference/documents/create-document-for-customer.mdx, before:

---
layout: guides
title: "Create a document for a customer"
guide:
  step: 1
meta:
  title: "Create Document | Dwolla API Documentation"
  description: Create a document for a Customer pending verification by uploading a color scan or photo of government issued identification.
---

# Create a document for a customer

Create a document for a Customer pending verification by uploading a color scan or photo of government issued identification (see below for acceptable document types). This requires a multipart form-data POST request. The uploaded file must be a color image, in a `.jpg`, `.jpeg`, or `.png` format, and less than 10MB in size. Additionally, Business Documents can also be uploaded in a `.pdf` format.

### Acceptable documents

| Customer type              | Acceptable documents                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| -------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Personal Verified Customer | `passport`, `license`, or `idCard`. Must be a color scan of US Government issued identification.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| Business Verified Customer | Controller documents - `passport`, `license`, or `idCard`. Must be a color scan of US Government issued identification. <br /> Business documents - `other`. Refer to our guide on [Handling Document status for Business Verified Customers](https://developers.dwolla.com/guides/business-verified-customer/handle-verification-statuses#handling-document-status) for acceptable documents. |

### HTTP request

> `POST https://api.dwolla.com/customers/{id}/documents`

### Request Parameters

| Form Field   | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| ------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| documentType | Acceptable values of: `passport`, `license`, `idCard`, or `other`. Refer to the [acceptable documents](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/documents/create-document-for-customer#acceptable-documents) section for more information on how these document types apply to each Customer type. |
| file         | File contents.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

### HTTP status and error codes

| HTTP Status | Code                     | Description                                                                                                                            |
| ----------- | ------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 201         | Created                  | A document resource was created.                                                                                                       |
| 400         | maximumNumberOfResources | Max of four files upload allowed. Please wait for Dwolla to manually check the documents.                                              |
| 400         | invalidFileType          | File types supported: <br /> Personal IDs - `.jpg`, `.jpeg` or `.png`. <br /> Business Documents - `.jpg`, `.jpeg`, `.png`, or `.pdf`. |
| 400         | DuplicateResource        | Document already exists. Follow the link to find the existing document for the Customer.                                               |
| 403         | invalidResourceState     | Resource cannot be modified. Document creation not allowed for already `verified` Customers or non-`verified` Customer types.          |
| 403         | notAuthorized            | Not authorized to create documents.                                                                                                    |
| 404         | notFound                 | Customer not found. Check CustomerId.                                                                                                  |
| 413         | fileTooLarge             | Document requests are limited to 10 MiB.                                                                                               |

### Request and response

```bash
curl -X POST
\ -H "Authorization: Bearer tJlyMNW6e3QVbzHjeJ9JvAPsRglFjwnba4NdfCzsYJm7XbckcR"
\ -H "Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json"
\ -H "Cache-Control: no-cache"
\ -H "Content-Type: multipart/form-data; boundary=----WebKitFormBoundary7MA4YWxkTrZu0gW"
\ -F "documentType=passport"
\ -F "file=@foo.png"
\ 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/1de32eC7-ff0b-4c0c-9f09-19629e6788ce/documents'

...

HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Location: https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/documents/11fe0bab-39bd-42ee-bb39-275afcc050d0
```

```ruby
# Using dwolla_v2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
customer_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/1de32eC7-ff0b-4c0c-9f09-19629e6788ce'

file = Faraday::UploadIO.new('mclovin.jpg', 'image/jpeg')
document = app_token.post "#{customer_url}/documents", file: file, documentType: 'license'
document.response_headers[:location] # => "https://api.dwolla.com/documents/fb919e0b-ffbe-4268-b1e2-947b44328a16"
```

```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
customer_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/1de32eC7-ff0b-4c0c-9f09-19629e6788ce'

document = app_token.post('%s/documents' % customer_url, file = open('mclovin.jpg', 'rb'), documentType = 'license')
document.headers['location'] # => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/documents/fb919e0b-ffbe-4268-b1e2-947b44328a16'
```

```php
/**
 * No example for this language yet.
 **/
```

```javascript
// Using dwolla-v2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-node
// Using form-data - https://github.com/form-data/form-data (Not Maintained By Dwolla)
var customerUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/1de32eC7-ff0b-4c0c-9f09-19629e6788ce";

var requestBody = new FormData();
requestBody.append("file", fs.createReadStream("mclovin.jpg"), {
  filename: "mclovin.jpg",
  contentType: "image/jpeg",
  knownLength: fs.statSync("mclovin.jpg").size,
});
requestBody.append("documentType", "license");

dwolla
  .post(`${customerUrl}/documents`, requestBody)
  .then((res) => res.headers.get("location")); // => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/documents/fb919e0b-ffbe-4268-b1e2-947b44328a16"
```

Commit message:

Clarify that foreign passports are accepted forms of documentation for business Controllers and UBOs, but are not accepted forms of documentation for pVCRs

pages/api-reference/documents/create-document-for-customer.mdx, after:

---
layout: guides
title: "Create a document for a customer"
guide:
  step: 1
meta:
  title: "Create Document | Dwolla API Documentation"
  description: Create a document for a Customer pending verification by uploading a color scan or photo of government issued identification.
---

# Create a document for a customer

Create a document for a Customer pending verification by uploading a color scan or photo of government issued identification (see below for acceptable document types). This requires a multipart form-data POST request. The uploaded file must be a color image, in a `.jpg`, `.jpeg`, or `.png` format, and less than 10MB in size. Additionally, Business Documents can also be uploaded in a `.pdf` format.

### Acceptable documents

| Customer type              | Acceptable documents                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| -------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Personal Verified Customer | `passport`, `license`, or `idCard`. Must be a color scan of U.S. government-issued identification. Foreign passports will be rejected with [ForeignPassportNotAllowed](/guides/personal-verified-customer/handle-verification-statuses#document-failure) if uploaded for this customer type.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| Business Verified Customer | Controller documents - `passport`, `license`, or `idCard`. <br /> <ul><li>If `license` or `idCard`, must be a color scan of U.S. government-issued identification.</li><li>If `passport`, U.S. as well as foreign passports are accepted for business Controllers and UBOs.</li></ul> Business documents - `other`. Refer to our guide on [Handling Document status for Business Verified Customers](https://developers.dwolla.com/guides/business-verified-customer/handle-verification-statuses#handling-document-status) for acceptable documents. |

### HTTP request

> `POST https://api.dwolla.com/customers/{id}/documents`

### Request Parameters

| Form Field   | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| ------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| documentType | Acceptable values of: `passport`, `license`, `idCard`, or `other`. Refer to the [acceptable documents](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/documents/create-document-for-customer#acceptable-documents) section for more information on how these document types apply to each Customer type. |
| file         | File contents.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

### HTTP status and error codes

| HTTP Status | Code                     | Description                                                                                                                            |
| ----------- | ------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 201         | Created                  | A document resource was created.                                                                                                       |
| 400         | maximumNumberOfResources | Max of four files upload allowed. Please wait for Dwolla to manually check the documents.                                              |
| 400         | invalidFileType          | File types supported: <br /> Personal IDs - `.jpg`, `.jpeg` or `.png`. <br /> Business Documents - `.jpg`, `.jpeg`, `.png`, or `.pdf`. |
| 400         | DuplicateResource        | Document already exists. Follow the link to find the existing document for the Customer.                                               |
| 403         | invalidResourceState     | Resource cannot be modified. Document creation not allowed for already `verified` Customers or non-`verified` Customer types.          |
| 403         | notAuthorized            | Not authorized to create documents.                                                                                                    |
| 404         | notFound                 | Customer not found. Check CustomerId.                                                                                                  |
| 413         | fileTooLarge             | Document requests are limited to 10 MiB.                                                                                               |

### Request and response

```bash
curl -X POST
\ -H "Authorization: Bearer tJlyMNW6e3QVbzHjeJ9JvAPsRglFjwnba4NdfCzsYJm7XbckcR"
\ -H "Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json"
\ -H "Cache-Control: no-cache"
\ -H "Content-Type: multipart/form-data; boundary=----WebKitFormBoundary7MA4YWxkTrZu0gW"
\ -F "documentType=passport"
\ -F "file=@foo.png"
\ 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/1de32eC7-ff0b-4c0c-9f09-19629e6788ce/documents'

...

HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Location: https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/documents/11fe0bab-39bd-42ee-bb39-275afcc050d0
```

```ruby
# Using dwolla_v2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
customer_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/1de32eC7-ff0b-4c0c-9f09-19629e6788ce'

file = Faraday::UploadIO.new('mclovin.jpg', 'image/jpeg')
document = app_token.post "#{customer_url}/documents", file: file, documentType: 'license'
document.response_headers[:location] # => "https://api.dwolla.com/documents/fb919e0b-ffbe-4268-b1e2-947b44328a16"
```

```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
customer_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/1de32eC7-ff0b-4c0c-9f09-19629e6788ce'

document = app_token.post('%s/documents' % customer_url, file = open('mclovin.jpg', 'rb'), documentType = 'license')
document.headers['location'] # => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/documents/fb919e0b-ffbe-4268-b1e2-947b44328a16'
```

```php
/**
 * No example for this language yet.
 **/
```

```javascript
// Using dwolla-v2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-node
// Using form-data - https://github.com/form-data/form-data (Not Maintained By Dwolla)
var customerUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/1de32eC7-ff0b-4c0c-9f09-19629e6788ce";

var requestBody = new FormData();
requestBody.append("file", fs.createReadStream("mclovin.jpg"), {
  filename: "mclovin.jpg",
  contentType: "image/jpeg",
  knownLength: fs.statSync("mclovin.jpg").size,
});
requestBody.append("documentType", "license");

dwolla
  .post(`${customerUrl}/documents`, requestBody)
  .then((res) => res.headers.get("location")); // => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/documents/fb919e0b-ffbe-4268-b1e2-947b44328a16"
```
