pages/api-reference/documents/create-document-for-beneficial-owner.mdx, before:

---
layout: guides
title: "Create a document for a beneficial owner"
guide:
  step: 3
meta:
  title: "Create Document for Beneficial Owner | Dwolla API Documentation"
---

# Create a document for a beneficial owner

Create a document for a beneficial owner pending verification by uploading a photo of the document. This requires a multipart form-data POST request. The file must be either a `.jpg`, `.jpeg`, or `.png`, up to 10MB in size.

### HTTP request

> `POST https://api.dwolla.com/beneficial-owners/{id}/documents`

### Request parameters

| Form Field   | Description                                        |
| ------------ | -------------------------------------------------- |
| documentType | One of `passport`, `license`, `idCard`, or `other` |
| file         | File contents.                                     |

### Request and response

```bash
curl -X POST
\ -H "Authorization: Bearer tJlyMNW6e3QVbzHjeJ9JvAPsRglFjwnba4NdfCzsYJm7XbckcR"
\ -H "Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json"
\ -H "Cache-Control: no-cache"
\ -H "Content-Type: multipart/form-data; boundary=----WebKitFormBoundary7MA4YWxkTrZu0gW"
\ -F "documentType=passport"
\ -F "file=@foo.png"
\ 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/beneficial-owners/1de32ec7-ff0b-4c0c-9f09-19629e6788ce/documents'

...

HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Location: https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/documents/11fe0bab-39bd-42ee-bb39-275afcc050d0
```

```ruby
beneficial_owner_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/beneficial-owners/1DE32EC7-FF0B-4C0C-9F09-19629E6788CE'

file = Faraday::UploadIO.new('mclovin.jpg', 'image/jpeg')
document = app_token.post "#{beneficial_owner_url}/documents", file: file, documentType: 'license'
document.response_headers[:location] # => "https://api.dwolla.com/documents/fb919e0b-ffbe-4268-b1e2-947b44328a16"
```

```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
beneficial_owner_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/beneficial-owners/1DE32EC7-FF0B-4C0C-9F09-19629E6788CE'

document = app_token.post('%s/documents' % customer_url, file = open('mclovin.jpg', 'rb'), documentType = 'license')
document.headers['location'] # => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/documents/fb919e0b-ffbe-4268-b1e2-947b44328a16'
```

```php
/**
 * No example for this language yet.
 **/
```

```javascript
var beneficialOwnerUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/beneficial-owners/1DE32EC7-FF0B-4C0C-9F09-19629E6788CE";

var requestBody = new FormData();
body.append("file", fs.createReadStream("mclovin.jpg"), {
  filename: "mclovin.jpg",
  contentType: "image/jpeg",
  knownLength: fs.statSync("mclovin.jpg").size,
});
body.append("documentType", "license");

dwolla
  .post(`${beneficialOwnerUrl}/documents`, requestBody)
  .then((res) => res.headers.get("location")); // => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/documents/fb919e0b-ffbe-4268-b1e2-947b44328a16"
```

Commit message:

Site Audit of developers.dwolla.com (#271)
* Fix duplicate meta descriptions

* Fix duplicate title tags

* Add missing description tags

* Add lang and hreflang attributes to next.config

* Fix node.js.yml CI (#273)

* yml

* update yml

Co-authored-by: Kelly Moreira <kmoreira@kmoreiramac.lan>

* Update same-day processing times (#277)

Co-authored-by: Kelly Moreira <kmoreira@kmoreiramac.corp.dwolla.com>

* DEV-799: Funds Flow Selector Logic and Transfer Workflow component styles (#278)

* Lang update

Co-authored-by: Kelly Moreira <kmoreira@kmoreiramac.lan>
Co-authored-by: Kelly Moreira <kmoreira@kmoreiramac.corp.dwolla.com>
Co-authored-by: Shreya <44006085+ShreyaThapa@users.noreply.github.com>

pages/api-reference/documents/create-document-for-beneficial-owner.mdx, after:

---
layout: guides
title: "Create a document for a beneficial owner"
guide:
  step: 3
meta:
  title: "Create Document for Beneficial Owner | Dwolla API Documentation"
  description: Create a document for a beneficial owner pending verification by uploading a photo of the document.
---

# Create a document for a beneficial owner

Create a document for a beneficial owner pending verification by uploading a photo of the document. This requires a multipart form-data POST request. The file must be either a `.jpg`, `.jpeg`, or `.png`, up to 10MB in size.

### HTTP request

> `POST https://api.dwolla.com/beneficial-owners/{id}/documents`

### Request parameters

| Form Field   | Description                                        |
| ------------ | -------------------------------------------------- |
| documentType | One of `passport`, `license`, `idCard`, or `other` |
| file         | File contents.                                     |

### Request and response

```bash
curl -X POST
\ -H "Authorization: Bearer tJlyMNW6e3QVbzHjeJ9JvAPsRglFjwnba4NdfCzsYJm7XbckcR"
\ -H "Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json"
\ -H "Cache-Control: no-cache"
\ -H "Content-Type: multipart/form-data; boundary=----WebKitFormBoundary7MA4YWxkTrZu0gW"
\ -F "documentType=passport"
\ -F "file=@foo.png"
\ 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/beneficial-owners/1de32ec7-ff0b-4c0c-9f09-19629e6788ce/documents'

...

HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Location: https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/documents/11fe0bab-39bd-42ee-bb39-275afcc050d0
```

```ruby
beneficial_owner_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/beneficial-owners/1DE32EC7-FF0B-4C0C-9F09-19629E6788CE'

file = Faraday::UploadIO.new('mclovin.jpg', 'image/jpeg')
document = app_token.post "#{beneficial_owner_url}/documents", file: file, documentType: 'license'
document.response_headers[:location] # => "https://api.dwolla.com/documents/fb919e0b-ffbe-4268-b1e2-947b44328a16"
```

```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
beneficial_owner_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/beneficial-owners/1DE32EC7-FF0B-4C0C-9F09-19629E6788CE'

document = app_token.post('%s/documents' % customer_url, file = open('mclovin.jpg', 'rb'), documentType = 'license')
document.headers['location'] # => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/documents/fb919e0b-ffbe-4268-b1e2-947b44328a16'
```

```php
/**
 * No example for this language yet.
 **/
```

```javascript
var beneficialOwnerUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/beneficial-owners/1DE32EC7-FF0B-4C0C-9F09-19629E6788CE";

var requestBody = new FormData();
body.append("file", fs.createReadStream("mclovin.jpg"), {
  filename: "mclovin.jpg",
  contentType: "image/jpeg",
  knownLength: fs.statSync("mclovin.jpg").size,
});
body.append("documentType", "license");

dwolla
  .post(`${beneficialOwnerUrl}/documents`, requestBody)
  .then((res) => res.headers.get("location")); // => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/documents/fb919e0b-ffbe-4268-b1e2-947b44328a16"
```
