pages/api-reference/documents/list-documents-for-beneficial-owner.mdx, before:

---
layout: guides
title: "List documents for a beneficial owner"
guide:
  step: 4
meta:
  title: "List Documents for Beneficial Owner | Dwolla API Documentation"
---

# List documents for a beneficial owner

This section contains information on how to retrieve a list of documents that belong to a beneficial owner.

### HTTP request

> `GET https://api.dwolla.com/beneficial-owners/{id}/documents`

### Request parameters

| Parameter | Required | Type   | Description                         |
| --------- | -------- | ------ | ----------------------------------- |
| id        | yes      | string | Beneficial owner unique identifier. |

### Request and response

```bash
GET https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/beneficial-owners/176878b8-ecdb-469b-a82b-43ba5e8704b2/documents
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY

...

{
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/beneficial-owners/176878b8-ecdb-469b-a82b-43ba5e8704b2/documents"
    }
  },
  "_embedded": {
    "documents": [
      {
        "_links": {
          "self": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/documents/56502f7a-fa59-4a2f-8579-0f8bc9d7b9cc"
          }
        },
        "id": "56502f7a-fa59-4a2f-8579-0f8bc9d7b9cc",
        "status": "pending",
        "type": "passport",
        "created": "2015-09-29T21:42:16.000Z",
        "documentVerificationStatus": "pending"
      },
      {
        "_links": {
          "self": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/documents/11fe0bab-39bd-42ee-bb39-275afcc050d0"
          }
        },
        "id": "11fe0bab-39bd-42ee-bb39-275afcc050d0",
        "status": "reviewed",
        "type": "passport",
        "created": "2015-09-29T21:45:37.000Z",
        "documentVerificationStatus": "rejected",
        "failureReason": "ScanDobMismatch",
        "allFailureReasons": [
            {
                "reason": "ScanDobMismatch",
                "description": "Scan DOB does not match DOB on account"
            },
            {
                "reason": "ScanIdExpired",
                "description": "ID is expired or missing expiration date"
            }
        ]
      }
    ]
  },
  "total": 2
}
```

```ruby
# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
beneficial_owner_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/beneficial-owners/176878b8-ecdb-469b-a82b-43ba5e8704b2'

documents = token.get "#{beneficial_owner_url}/documents"
documents._embedded['documents'][0].id # => "56502f7a-fa59-4a2f-8579-0f8bc9d7b9cc"
```

```php
<?php
$beneficialOwnersApi = new DwollaSwagger\BeneficialownersApi($apiClient);
$beneficialOwner = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/beneficial-owners/55469604-40ab-44b6-962f-de2c0837ba98';
$listDocsBeneficialOwner = $beneficialOwnersApi->getBeneficialOwnerDocuments($beneficialOwner);
?>
```

```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
beneficial_owner_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/beneficial-owners/176878b8-ecdb-469b-a82b-43ba5e8704b2'

documents = app_token.get('%s/documents' % beneficial_owner_url)
documents.body['total'] # => 2
```

```javascript
var beneficialOwnerUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/beneficial-owners/176878b8-ecdb-469b-a82b-43ba5e8704b2";

dwolla
  .get(`${beneficialOwnerUrl}/documents`)
  .then((res) => res.body._embedded["documents"][0].id); // => '56502f7a-fa59-4a2f-8579-0f8bc9d7b9cc'
```

Commit message:

Site Audit of developers.dwolla.com (#271)
* Fix duplicate meta descriptions

* Fix duplicate title tags

* Add missing description tags

* Add lang and hreflang attributes to next.config

* Fix node.js.yml CI (#273)

* yml

* update yml

Co-authored-by: Kelly Moreira <kmoreira@kmoreiramac.lan>

* Update same-day processing times (#277)

Co-authored-by: Kelly Moreira <kmoreira@kmoreiramac.corp.dwolla.com>

* DEV-799: Funds Flow Selector Logic and Transfer Workflow component styles (#278)

* Lang update

Co-authored-by: Kelly Moreira <kmoreira@kmoreiramac.lan>
Co-authored-by: Kelly Moreira <kmoreira@kmoreiramac.corp.dwolla.com>
Co-authored-by: Shreya <44006085+ShreyaThapa@users.noreply.github.com>

pages/api-reference/documents/list-documents-for-beneficial-owner.mdx, after:

---
layout: guides
title: "List documents for a beneficial owner"
guide:
  step: 4
meta:
  title: "List Documents for Beneficial Owner | Dwolla API Documentation"
  description: Retrieve a list of documents that belong to a beneficial owner.
---

# List documents for a beneficial owner

This section contains information on how to retrieve a list of documents that belong to a beneficial owner.

### HTTP request

> `GET https://api.dwolla.com/beneficial-owners/{id}/documents`

### Request parameters

| Parameter | Required | Type   | Description                         |
| --------- | -------- | ------ | ----------------------------------- |
| id        | yes      | string | Beneficial owner unique identifier. |

### Request and response

```bash
GET https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/beneficial-owners/176878b8-ecdb-469b-a82b-43ba5e8704b2/documents
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY

...

{
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/beneficial-owners/176878b8-ecdb-469b-a82b-43ba5e8704b2/documents"
    }
  },
  "_embedded": {
    "documents": [
      {
        "_links": {
          "self": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/documents/56502f7a-fa59-4a2f-8579-0f8bc9d7b9cc"
          }
        },
        "id": "56502f7a-fa59-4a2f-8579-0f8bc9d7b9cc",
        "status": "pending",
        "type": "passport",
        "created": "2015-09-29T21:42:16.000Z",
        "documentVerificationStatus": "pending"
      },
      {
        "_links": {
          "self": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/documents/11fe0bab-39bd-42ee-bb39-275afcc050d0"
          }
        },
        "id": "11fe0bab-39bd-42ee-bb39-275afcc050d0",
        "status": "reviewed",
        "type": "passport",
        "created": "2015-09-29T21:45:37.000Z",
        "documentVerificationStatus": "rejected",
        "failureReason": "ScanDobMismatch",
        "allFailureReasons": [
            {
                "reason": "ScanDobMismatch",
                "description": "Scan DOB does not match DOB on account"
            },
            {
                "reason": "ScanIdExpired",
                "description": "ID is expired or missing expiration date"
            }
        ]
      }
    ]
  },
  "total": 2
}
```

```ruby
# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
beneficial_owner_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/beneficial-owners/176878b8-ecdb-469b-a82b-43ba5e8704b2'

documents = token.get "#{beneficial_owner_url}/documents"
documents._embedded['documents'][0].id # => "56502f7a-fa59-4a2f-8579-0f8bc9d7b9cc"
```

```php
<?php
$beneficialOwnersApi = new DwollaSwagger\BeneficialownersApi($apiClient);
$beneficialOwner = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/beneficial-owners/55469604-40ab-44b6-962f-de2c0837ba98';
$listDocsBeneficialOwner = $beneficialOwnersApi->getBeneficialOwnerDocuments($beneficialOwner);
?>
```

```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
beneficial_owner_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/beneficial-owners/176878b8-ecdb-469b-a82b-43ba5e8704b2'

documents = app_token.get('%s/documents' % beneficial_owner_url)
documents.body['total'] # => 2
```

```javascript
var beneficialOwnerUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/beneficial-owners/176878b8-ecdb-469b-a82b-43ba5e8704b2";

dwolla
  .get(`${beneficialOwnerUrl}/documents`)
  .then((res) => res.body._embedded["documents"][0].id); // => '56502f7a-fa59-4a2f-8579-0f8bc9d7b9cc'
```
