pages/api-reference/documents/list-documents-for-customer.mdx, before:

---
layout: guides
title: "List documents for a customer"
guide:
  step: 2
meta:
  title: "List Documents For Customers | Dwolla API Documentation"
---

# List documents for a customer

This section contains information on how to retrieve a list of documents that belong to a Customer.

### HTTP request

> `GET https://api.dwolla.com/customers/{id}/documents`

### Request parameters

| Parameter | Required | Type   | Description                 |
| --------- | -------- | ------ | --------------------------- |
| id        | yes      | string | Customer unique identifier. |

### Request and response

```bash
GET https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/176878b8-ecdb-469b-a82b-43ba5e8704b2/documents
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLfwKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY

...

{
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/176878b8-ecdb-469b-a82b-43ba5e8704b2/documents"
    }
  },
  "_embedded": {
    "documents": [
      {
        "_links": {
          "self": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/documents/56502f7a-fa59-4a2f-8579-0f8bc9d7b9cc"
          }
        },
        "id": "56502f7a-fa59-4a2f-8579-0f8bc9d7b9cc",
        "status": "pending",
        "type": "passport",
        "created": "2015-09-29T21:42:16.000Z",
        "documentVerificationStatus": "pending"
      },
      {
        "_links": {
            "self": {
                "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/documents/20988444-c7e1-40cf-ab1a-a20da878e568",
                "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
                "resource-type": "document"
            }
        },
        "id": "20988444-c7e1-40cf-ab1a-a20da878e568",
        "status": "reviewed",
        "type": "license",
        "created": "2019-05-30T22:01:40.000Z",
        "documentVerificationStatus": "rejected",
        "failureReason": "ScanDobMismatch",
        "allFailureReasons": [
            {
                "reason": "ScanDobMismatch",
                "description": "Scan DOB does not match DOB on account"
            },
            {
                "reason": "ScanIdExpired",
                "description": "ID is expired or missing expiration date"
            }
        ]
      }
    ]
  },
  "total": 2
}
```

```ruby
# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
customer_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/176878b8-ecdb-469b-a82b-43ba5e8704b2'

documents = app_token.get "#{customer_url}/documents"
documents._embedded['documents'][0].id # => "56502f7a-fa59-4a2f-8579-0f8bc9d7b9cc"
```

```php
<?php
$customerUrl = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/176878b8-ecdb-469b-a82b-43ba5e8704b2';

$customersApi = new DwollaSwagger\CustomersApi($apiClient);

$customer = $customersApi->getCustomerDocuments($customerUrl);
$customer->total; # => 2
?>
```

```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
customer_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/176878b8-ecdb-469b-a82b-43ba5e8704b2'

documents = app_token.get('%s/documents' % customer_url)
documents.body['total'] # => 2
```

```javascript
var customerUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/176878b8-ecdb-469b-a82b-43ba5e8704b2";

dwolla
  .get(`${customerUrl}/documents`)
  .then((res) => res.body._embedded["documents"][0].id); // => '56502f7a-fa59-4a2f-8579-0f8bc9d7b9cc'
```

Commit message:

Site Audit of developers.dwolla.com (#271)
* Fix duplicate meta descriptions

* Fix duplicate title tags

* Add missing description tags

* Add lang and hreflang attributes to next.config

* Fix node.js.yml CI (#273)

* yml

* update yml

Co-authored-by: Kelly Moreira <kmoreira@kmoreiramac.lan>

* Update same-day processing times (#277)

Co-authored-by: Kelly Moreira <kmoreira@kmoreiramac.corp.dwolla.com>

* DEV-799: Funds Flow Selector Logic and Transfer Workflow component styles (#278)

* Lang update

Co-authored-by: Kelly Moreira <kmoreira@kmoreiramac.lan>
Co-authored-by: Kelly Moreira <kmoreira@kmoreiramac.corp.dwolla.com>
Co-authored-by: Shreya <44006085+ShreyaThapa@users.noreply.github.com>

pages/api-reference/documents/list-documents-for-customer.mdx, after:

---
layout: guides
title: "List documents for a customer"
guide:
  step: 2
meta:
  title: "List Documents For Customers | Dwolla API Documentation"
  description: Retrieve a list of documents that belong to a Customer.
---

# List documents for a customer

This section contains information on how to retrieve a list of documents that belong to a Customer.

### HTTP request

> `GET https://api.dwolla.com/customers/{id}/documents`

### Request parameters

| Parameter | Required | Type   | Description                 |
| --------- | -------- | ------ | --------------------------- |
| id        | yes      | string | Customer unique identifier. |

### Request and response

```bash
GET https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/176878b8-ecdb-469b-a82b-43ba5e8704b2/documents
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLfwKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY

...

{
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/176878b8-ecdb-469b-a82b-43ba5e8704b2/documents"
    }
  },
  "_embedded": {
    "documents": [
      {
        "_links": {
          "self": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/documents/56502f7a-fa59-4a2f-8579-0f8bc9d7b9cc"
          }
        },
        "id": "56502f7a-fa59-4a2f-8579-0f8bc9d7b9cc",
        "status": "pending",
        "type": "passport",
        "created": "2015-09-29T21:42:16.000Z",
        "documentVerificationStatus": "pending"
      },
      {
        "_links": {
            "self": {
                "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/documents/20988444-c7e1-40cf-ab1a-a20da878e568",
                "type": "application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json",
                "resource-type": "document"
            }
        },
        "id": "20988444-c7e1-40cf-ab1a-a20da878e568",
        "status": "reviewed",
        "type": "license",
        "created": "2019-05-30T22:01:40.000Z",
        "documentVerificationStatus": "rejected",
        "failureReason": "ScanDobMismatch",
        "allFailureReasons": [
            {
                "reason": "ScanDobMismatch",
                "description": "Scan DOB does not match DOB on account"
            },
            {
                "reason": "ScanIdExpired",
                "description": "ID is expired or missing expiration date"
            }
        ]
      }
    ]
  },
  "total": 2
}
```

```ruby
# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
customer_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/176878b8-ecdb-469b-a82b-43ba5e8704b2'

documents = app_token.get "#{customer_url}/documents"
documents._embedded['documents'][0].id # => "56502f7a-fa59-4a2f-8579-0f8bc9d7b9cc"
```

```php
<?php
$customerUrl = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/176878b8-ecdb-469b-a82b-43ba5e8704b2';

$customersApi = new DwollaSwagger\CustomersApi($apiClient);

$customer = $customersApi->getCustomerDocuments($customerUrl);
$customer->total; # => 2
?>
```

```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
customer_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/176878b8-ecdb-469b-a82b-43ba5e8704b2'

documents = app_token.get('%s/documents' % customer_url)
documents.body['total'] # => 2
```

```javascript
var customerUrl =
  "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/customers/176878b8-ecdb-469b-a82b-43ba5e8704b2";

dwolla
  .get(`${customerUrl}/documents`)
  .then((res) => res.body._embedded["documents"][0].id); // => '56502f7a-fa59-4a2f-8579-0f8bc9d7b9cc'
```
